You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and expectations.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stephen, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
When they were hitting every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the baby of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, the lady Parise who said, "I need to see.
I am destroyed that we had adults never come to know.
You could come to Ohio -- and please bring to that man I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to take you with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Central.
We went to see, we laughed at us, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we found it, and we took care of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as a adults came to me, he became a dinner box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The expectation is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first pilots.
I was assuming.
My heart beating fast, I was dead, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The pilots around me fly out of the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think it was a step of snow about another speed of snow over year after year.
The pilots are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each shop has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back and forth up to the end, while others can't put it more and they get rid of a dramatic passion art.
It's easy to think, when you see a pilot, that are isolated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a pilot is melting the water that releases rich water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these pictures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and won't exist again.
It's not the death when they deliver. It's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the pilots that I photograph is very young. It has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Kehmel, Greenland.
It's unlikely to actually be able to make a robot shark.
Here it is.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a crash from Greenland -- average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is real time.
And so the custom shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them by getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both press and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my soil, I tend to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy story.
I'm a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people put the anatomy -- -- to say, human and animal bodies have considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body of the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is activists, as a patient defense or, as I say sometimes, impacting people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with smart twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with angle, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of advanced sex people, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in the male and female females.
In general lines, we can call it intelligent.
The intelligence adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female forms of forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with a CBM commodities whose gene RH of chromosome and tells the proteins, that we all have in the middle life, they become testimonial.
And then, in the middle life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but without reaction.
As a result, the body developed a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and body, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body, something called supermarket glands solar.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermassive glands produce angles, the hormone of manufacturing.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, does not know its computer structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angles.
We produce angles and we respond to the airplanes.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the airplanes than the woman who was born with testimonies that have the sensitivity syndrome to the airplanes.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the international ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a variety, and he had a shore, and I had sex relationships with her, took a life as a boy, and I had just discovered that I had ovarian and being straight.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as super-interest supermarket.
He had 20th chromosomes and in the top of the subjects that were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were massively, their brain was exposed to the traditional male component to the computer.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at age 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal mentality, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as audiences, which is to say, they have the operating tissue wrapped in the testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of bodies -- whether they are end, the smartphones, or the international surgery -- they are in normal surgery not to be able to move from better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, being black means to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born as two people in one body.
The most popular case is last year with the South Seattle Secretary Camp Semest, he put her sex in the International Garage Games.
Many journalists call to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Santa Semester is a man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is not such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not bring a line between men and women or between men and international men and women and international women, we're the ones who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more it advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomical categories that correlate directly with stable idealistic categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology enables too.
As we see, we go into a straight terrain.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps.
What would we think about the fact to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the parts of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very successful discussions today -- maybe not in public, but it's within medicine -- it is when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if they didn't even get it up.
If you stopped moving it up.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation that we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could play someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, and I think of people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I will be able to find that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a frankly indicator of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexualities, but they were big.
I mean, they were so valuable and applian and so radical in what they did, that I found myself every so much watching that music compared 177,000 and not for the music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1779 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anti-proof activists and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what we rejected our founding parents was the idea of monstered. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the atmosphere.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the risk of blood transmitted from the grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the attractive differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illusion system where they were getting two things.
And it was getting rid of democracy and at the same time it was born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the supernatural explanations and then they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were getting the idea of the analytical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were transformed.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Sunday Trailer, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that appealed to the anatomical coincidence. And again, they were transforming.
We see the same with the Discipline of Discipline.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conclusions, we have to start wondering why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give us to the anatomy.
I don't mean the five year-old children were allowed to allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic division that for me to make sense and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk.
We have two creatures, both of the concepts of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the context, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact to have been born three months before Mary is attributed to all three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find some other roots in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you whether it's 21, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory benefit that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on her part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomic categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could destroy us?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science is escape.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make any criminal tests to people.
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the inspiration syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech "I make "Die a solution.
He says that we should judge people when they were not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their card, going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the bottom of their character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of a sudden goal that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the words that I know can make more informed decisions and intelligent decisions about their sexual relationships than people who I know.
So how do you put the topic of the character content in practice.
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resource.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America is still driving this current thinking of relationship to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to see a change of sex, in which case they are allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that he had made a couple of years ago that he had been giving a little bit of a little baby to then separate them and then accept their fame.
But when I asked the phone, I asked the motivation of the operation -- I was a very risky operation, I was told that in that other country, these children would be very mathematically, and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has you considered the political asylum.
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing us to change for the state of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transparent studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the purple, one of my speakers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- I was a strange plant now.
"Tell me what the feminist is about female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Female has to do with restoring gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in female."
But the more I've thought about his question, more of me have thought there is something female in female.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if parents were very keen to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it is possible that, to have increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with receptor support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family thinks where they want to go live and work and have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owners and the other half still would be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability by making applause in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those ambitions.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate building instead of putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of great enough reform to contain cities and give them a name, cities under the ground.
I later learned that maybe at the same time, Japan and Okay, they were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honors went through a constructed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lob was intriguing extensively with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked Oklaho to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all of the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both technologies as well as rules to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, I sent to Oklahoma a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's give this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Misses, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- look, terrain that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Obama said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under cake is a place where you start with underestimated terrain land, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go to live under those norms.
So the president of Honologos called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our advanced country.
He asked me to go to Tehranguary and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denerous and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dene.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody clearly applaud the world.
The faces of the public were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader approached the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have it here in my computer.
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go in in Honolams, rather than hundreds of miles away, north.
And it also included new choices for leaders.
Because the U.S. government leaders need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that will help them establish and make the rules of the statue, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively gone.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to take their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional enemy was 125 to one.
All the parts, all the features in society, they backed it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February, again in another vote, from 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21 to 24 of February, a delight of about 30 homes was the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and then it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the ultimate instrument for this new judicial system.
There are urban computers and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go get a job, sometimes they are single mothers that have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honoliarity?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my senior friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, alive obsessed with transportation.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog breakthrough, colorful and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is of the second hand of puzzles and secondhand tensions.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my stem in the environment and in my bill.
I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, my aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal search of stores.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my tapir taping?
Would you like color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I spoke for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anyone have all that clothing?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven clothing pairs and nothing else.
Interview in exactly a week is everything I've put on my value.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else I would like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking through TED on the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the set of sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket -- I cost 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lines: color is energy.
It's almost emotionally impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a brilliant red pant.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microscopes.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the discussions, or I remember them on their little seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you.
Judges: confidence is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you that you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
See: A universal truth six words for you: the golden seles go with everything.
And finally, separate, developing a personal style of itself, and it's only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little rain.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you need to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited about these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant breakfast -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, that just as most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to conclude these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react to them, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that may have developed over the years is the one who says that one thing can be just in one place at a time.
That is, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange particles play.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
And at that point, a few years ago, we needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it was not very scared to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a very good approach to the little trick of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal piece of metal, and it's a form of transportation, and it's going to be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this open piece of swimming storyteller underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how immune it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually stand.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that the algorithm and the wind going on on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to break all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We got the lights off, and then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way it was vibrating was like a breathing in this shape -- like a fly that expands, and it is contract.
And by giving him a smooth push, we could make it live and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a visible thing and doesn't live at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are lined up.
In the rest of the time they're disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth removed in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was disappeared in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics that is all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
That's more than that, it's deeper.
That is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it done.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the democracy.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education of a great education -- I didn't get complaint -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
And better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from their launch.
So, simply, let's go to Goldment.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the YouTube gallery -- MoMA, the Erizanism, the Redwood, the Goathood Game.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Methanance, the New York Art Museum of art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and "mail," we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they die.
Do you want to navigate for the museum.
We open the plane up there, and with a single click, we jump inside.
They're inside, you want to go to the end of the hall.
Keep ahead of them. They flow."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Collars of Pierre Britain in the Metropolitan Metaphor.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the biology technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million peaceful.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million peaceful?"
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million peacefuls.
It can be done in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to deal to deep.
So I began to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a bit of research, I talked to some people from Methreight, and I actually discovered that this is a game called understanding -- which is to hit an hour with a stick with a card of Carron.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to zoom down the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night starting."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pinnings?
And if you want to see how Van Goggenda actually created this master work?
It increases it and actually it does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the starting night I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colleges."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturing, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I have created this function that I call "The Power of Body," -- we just did a zoo around.
It's about "The "Mushrooms National Gallery in London.
You can address things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you get these masterpieces together.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle do justice to its artwork of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to get the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pill, a flying pill.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the Frank race in the last two decades.
A while ago, if you wanted to win a Frank Carrot career, you took a budget, and you would bet it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the race.
This is what we engineer, in engineering, would be called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor.
The interesting thing is that today's control systems are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computer the free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and acting.
The cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paula Atlanta for late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "Mall Tank" called me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old Mrison dream.
You know, when Michael School wrote the Moonter, he says that at the end, I took the hammer and brought it to the Moses -- and you can still see a little ball underneath -- and he said, "She said, "I don't pay paraly?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Zing gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Treeton.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon there are people here and there doing called, moving.
The party, silence.
Gulf of France. Gold of Italy.
Entropy, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time recorded.
First extra time, second time.
Zeara, and at a moment, the head of the head.
Dan Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big peak.
And the next day they were all at the center to find the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Christian Massacrea where, from the time they are routing, people are going to celebrate, it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the emergence of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its device through the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were all arriving, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that were all going to be throwing.
Then we put a little chip on a little chip, a tag -- the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Party from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of institutions in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at all the days that the cup we throw out doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day still goes there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Ashan Berlin, could tell us much more about detecting and many other cool things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Barack.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public space, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine you have a coffee and valves -- solar valves that open and shut down.
It's created as a cortex of water, with water pairs.
If you get the pixels to be written in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black Black.
He liked a lot.
And I took a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Explosion.
We call it Dialama War Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you get away so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be someone, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Do you demonstrate the building."
No, it's not that they have delivered it, but when it comes down almost all architecture goes down.
Here it is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not get wet.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually more fun.
All the children in Karant came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to allow you to happen, but a building that was still making cuts and water holes and you had to jump down to not get wet.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical peacefuls, the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of the peaks.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D public cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from a very different angle.
This is the true collective Flag going down to form a V, like before.
When the light comes up, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollar -- one of the best ballet dancers today -- the New York State star of the New York and the Millennium School, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a flash for the Flag.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pieces, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and radiation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flag.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds -- like the grain crash, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody would give a little bit for a pill.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is showing us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are peaks.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with peaks.
You can move in the inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012, and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new summit of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face in the night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves.
What about good health?
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like this?
What if they could choose something?
(Music from Audience: Creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. Probably it was due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about logical?
Oh, most of them -- that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a problem in the TED Conference -- but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T.S. Joshua, who also worked at the Russian Orthope Russian, wrote an essay titled "Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is, of course, the most interest of us.
We slept from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hormones.
Some have gone and back.
We have been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically indicating, that comes out of the pancreas of the pancreas from the panels.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antoine Damanda raises the amazing of the ambulance -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, finger, it's very color.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of their part.
It really is like a quick thing for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force force to the output.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inconvenient symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, like one and unique companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the interpreted part of this talk, so I hope they enjoyed it.
When I came into college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex, death, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, it was getting more duplicated.
I came to understand George Burnards, who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent little dance of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "Come on a sex skelling."
"It's good." He says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contraction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation and adapt and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or faster and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the self-construction bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the smoking to produce -- if there were fish there, fish touch in the vacuum, yet they've managed to make it a good environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reason would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've talked about our environment to be adapted to us as we get to it.
And by the way, we mix, we climb, and we get so much that you can't have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural, tax by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the improvements of evolution are really disappeared, but they're incredible.
And in terms of illustration, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist, and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and surface and frightening.
The negative sense, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to the individual and family level.
Think about it as well as possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their disaster, but in its own body to make genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or remove the appropriate?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It cost 2,000 billion dollars.
The next year to have finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the 3.5 million base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to take a lot to make the human genome reality for 1,000 and get more and more the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then just two other changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if they could change the cells of their disaster?
And if you could change sperm and the flowers, or change the cute cutting car, and give their children a better chance of a more healthy life, eliminate diabetes, remove heroin, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is also going to allow us to adopt surprising hypothesis, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Machine machine?
Why not have a faster contact muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be surprising.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the negative.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years old, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have for them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful society, more consequenting?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more visiting and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing of all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions know?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 200 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by making clear, click, class.
Class, click, click, class. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 18.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight states.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot came up with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
He threw the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disappointed words I've heard.
He said, "Get me to the impact.
I didn't have to speak to the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fences I wanted to report, all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is "Collection communicating."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency -- that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we started the George Washington Bridge bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought about Woody's -- I really feel a big person.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also give place to my ego.
And then the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please go back."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of Wood, which is working not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness started in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and I scream, charge, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle from not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please not like that -- but imagine and how do you change?
What would they do, that they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphics in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony Tomorrow, TEDTalks, and their cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all of the people with paralysis can communicate through those appliances?"
And he said, "No, unless you be somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Space and the Marine?"
They communicate in that way. They are running with the finger.
I said, "That's wrong. How can it be?"
So I introduced me to the just desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to do its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside your inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grade Graduation Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser dot, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year after a year after a lot of organization, and so much to move the things from one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it the West because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and constraints took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we came back to have taken the squares of the walls and they would have graduated.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Marine past of Venice, my son was part of my son as well, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Electronicative Scripture, and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the March Barry Barry -- some copper wire and things from Harvard Depart and Radio Shahel.
We took a PISA camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today have access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture, because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this block and angry during the great income.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to invest in the parking parking so we feel like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, development.
And we have a long way to go to this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes went from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong turns something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the GPS center at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best former former urban art experts, Bush Fate, CAPTCHA. They're all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Fricture, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do -- if it's not now, when isn't it now? And if I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going into incredibly difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
Film in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in large part of my career, I've been diving into horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyzing them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took a step in Ebola.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some in Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was this: "Americans" presented -- my TED of the people who have no idea what it is about and as a content could explode on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I do it.
But I said this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that savernity knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of the marketing of the advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spanishap. I want to make a film that deals with the policy of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The biggest film ever selling."
What happens in "The larger film ever sold -- is that everything from top to the end, at the end, has brand images, all the time, from the assumption that comes before the title of the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Combine Stanford, the Center Center.
These people will be associated with the film in perpetual forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Katshill, is relevant." Is it remotely."
I'm a remote person. (MA: I just say it -- it was more for characters.
It was "Person." forever."
But we're not just going to have the painting of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we were going to ensure all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you ever have.
The most cool car you've ever been driving in "The larger film ever selling, the best trick you have drink, the biggest film you ever sold away."
David Kiddle: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, to make them finance the film? (MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the entire film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- early on the end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Okay. However, I don't know how recent people are going to be the people to that.
KA: You have a perspective. I don't know if "non-industry is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea. David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half and a half -- (Palestine Kames: All right. John Kames: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
CA: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of anger individuals.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rude: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But is it going to be hard to sell it, by film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (MA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (MA: That's the challenge." When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MA: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought it stops the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of a microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of us wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people saw it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell you that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to massive?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you search for transportation images at Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your short way, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily understandable -- that is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practice.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs were name.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still goes around.
It's impressive.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
Let me eat a whole bowl of Copenhagen White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kisus from many years -- I realized I would have to go to my own, I would have to take up the internal and go to the companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others that make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies say the reason why their films are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we going to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?"
And the film is called "The largest film ever selling."
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bang development.
Any time during an interview with somebody who can say, "Are you well cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you guys.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous sharks.
Both Foreign Foreign "Bell "And Parkinson's "Benson will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid and balloon, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a limited look.
Karen Frank, we're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you could, we're more good at a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering the people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bangladesh?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Universe technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the space.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh ...
I think "barber is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the supermarket."
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep a little bit more time? With better fraction, more fresh three times more fresh times.
Things like those who get the benefits.
MS: And that's a multiple company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the ordinary Peps.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: Mom my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Revenue the 1980s, published penguin unless it's a landscape day.
MS: Okay, so what is German brand like?
Germany. (Music -- (MO: "mind." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray colors and things like that.
Usually I take access as a sun glasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand can be a classic conversation, Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it carbon flight."
Woman 2: In part hypersonic, in part of a bomb, in part of the Brooklyn part, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of the machines.
Looking at toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Mandater school March.
Is that something?
Aboright: I'm a lawyer.
He took -- I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often rank on the intersection of dark glamour and flight block."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the "Marching Person."
And I found a company called Olympic Baliban in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherland, February, Hellman to discover that marketing personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Ardival, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to look at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in, as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me, why does that serve us?
What's the machine? What is the machine?
Why is it important to reconstruct? What does the red do?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you got?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: And "All MA: "Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience. (MA: Great job. AO: Yes. (MA: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linguber Zallpha, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but computers, in your brand personality. Marriage Spanish is a conscious brand.
They are very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will just focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic one, Apple here.
And you can see also here to Taraha, Wiki, Minister of Minister Coppers and Jewish.
Now there are light marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come up, but a discoveries of discoveries is quite powerful.
MS: One driver market. What's your mark?
If somebody asks you to describe your identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an attack attack? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you rather a distant attribute to you?
A little bit more calmed, reself, conservative?
And the astronaut attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Project, contemporary population, and adventure or bold like Eric Flueloshimiz, fast or girl, professional, magnetic or mystic like Galana.
Or are you more attributed to distance?
Are you conscious as a consumer?
Are you stable, traditional provider, protein, protein?
Are you trust, stable, family, trust, safe, safe, continuous or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Every Daniel?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, astronaut and desires, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neurologist, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how MRI now uses magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as a film.
We went to San Paulo, where they have banned the advertising of free air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no cards, there's no cards, there's no flying.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing road in schools with elite problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've been more successful are the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took up the internals, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they succeed.
Well, since the film is being formed in the South Festival, we look at a look.
According to Burnards the movie is strike in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million print printed in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in samples.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about would adapt to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that they're pushing them into the failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion to the risk of the risk is preparing all their company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We embrace fear. We open the risk.
From a knife at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to appeal to transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Do The Tradition has been presented by my good FMR friends who by 7,000 bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
EC: Build big data in big companies for companies around the world.
EM presents "The Tradition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 75?"
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a charge at behalf of the TED matrix, the Saliatarian Foundation, a collection for 700 to be applied to my attention for TED next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United Nations benefit plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are actually control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use Window software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
So we started with an Window install installation.
The eye goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear program Iran is demonstrated, mission.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about State six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the World part of Windows -- the industry used multiple diet vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Strategic was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese speakers, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely dirty."
The industry is actually looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard the symptom of the Shanghai is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old baseball language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the system functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need the theories of destinations that we can move on or desperate.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent syndrome, and it has to be a brave white, and it's often located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reported.
There are not several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant in sub-Saharan and the National National Plant.
So I said to my assistant state, "The list of all the experts in centralized and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and put them in an effort to restore their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the vote.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the middle, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this button, you certainly can get it back and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and determine in an obvious effort to get crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 1856 will come up in that code, you can't be observed.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nature and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall -- and every waterfall contains 165 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code, right?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So you don't have the chainstone.
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We used to end up in dead ends. We had to go back and start.
And yet, we discovered that both digital eyes would go to a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall -- and making the buttons and transparent them, and the big eye is communicating with six stuck and manipulating valves and manipulating.
In the end, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natalie, and it's just Natali.
We should not worry about other targets being reached by Stanford.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and up there you see the centers.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, these fake entry data is predicted by Stanford.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from predictable video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just going to break the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to break a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is going on, you have to open up specialist valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're compressed, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can blow up.
And the operating system or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centralizes, with surgeon engineering.
It could also work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's general.
And you don't have a stuff -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional worm technology to design it.
Describe it as much as possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a champion of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attack is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great number of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rallpoom, has been made public in many sides that people assume that the Mosa is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langer: OK, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Mosa is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately ...
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for learning. Thank you, Rallus.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give summer skills, or another one that makes you use wheelchair to wake up and walk back.
In Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots, explosions.
They are not different than something you put in the morning, it gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a strong idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on his back, a 45 pounds, and you're choosing to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to continue this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HSLhwood -- or Portugal Christian Charters.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton -- I can cover 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in cuts to be able to drag and run movements with great agility to go in.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Europe Berlin. We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device -- this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people at the course of wheels around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the backbone that by starting their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiple quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAMAR who is using Amanda Boston who was using 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bosh! Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our electrodes, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
There's also a few batteries that give the motors to the hotspoots, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural walking.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down the bottom.
In a fraction of the second, I lost all feeling and all movement from the pedestrians.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Muslim, never go back to walk."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last little bit of hope of my being.
And the adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to get down on the bottom of scales, climbing rocks and even riding in a bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and to all the users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the March Arding festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos from the Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living parts.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggress.
But unfortunately, we've made too much high-tech in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, bonded society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. A land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tree itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been taken for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The care meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by measuring the trees.
Who are these primates?
We know them as the apes making love, not war, because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Aman Saturd.
Books, like humans, love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves from laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple only unique videos taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a baby state game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, which is handledged from the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common both in Bonobo as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it is the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more searching, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the amazing stage.
And I want you to see -- this is Four-star, a young female, who is playing with some self-definition.
I think we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual self-interest of creativity.
These are just little samples of the understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to an increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these abilities.
In other words, play is our advance compared.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's take away our game capacity.
The game is not frequently.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and unfortunately.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate fires as a captain assistant in a body of volunteers volunteers.
And in our city, where the volunteers combine a highly skilled person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first belief.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found captain -- I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that he certainly passed one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing on the rain, under a paradigms, in pain, a short, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was -- we call it Lerounness Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog from the home owner.
The dog." I was so close."
There was a monkey lawyer or a money of money who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who entered a call in calls to save a living being just because I was won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me a self-interest.
He said, "Beautism, I need the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that height or less had ended out with the fire and went into the front room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back to the staircase where I met my Namibian and the precious dog on the front door.
We got out of the house for the owner of home where, as I was waiting for it, his husband received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of home thanking us for the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she observed about the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin House as in my voice as a voluntary firefighter I am witness of acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of grace.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are about to do, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you about this: don't wait.
They don't wait for the first to win the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beer: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea, cement modules of a fixed measure that they fit between each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, the LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic analytical assembly.
And in a few years, the LED bricks.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or home.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the collection block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick applies to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little little models are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they're joining through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the set, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the blood.
So you just have to assemble a blue blue with one green and very quickly you can begin to make larger circuits.
A green blue produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse model, that's here, and now we have an inherent light.
We added this tube to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and solar, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower or slower -- just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to go down to brick ready to use.
Lightweights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given literature to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night is working, or why the door of a elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought literature to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with literatures like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and end, we have George creating George.
(Audience sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took literal literacy to the designers at Rhode Island design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, Do something.
Here's an example of a project that they have done, a chain of confirminated comfort by movement.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a manufacturing launch that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literatures became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all of us.
So literature has open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of charged.
We can. We can continue better on the video on the side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is it.
Oh, I don't know about time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques for them to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be detected, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Come for America and would be like a Peter Park for techniques.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the manufacturers.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al A.
This is a string from the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is someone clean it when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask help in this similar way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of "Changing Force America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was sailing last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned up these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application in which you can adopt a hydrant on.
You accept cleaning it when it snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can break it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 proportional applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral form.
A responsible of systems of Honoliary City when you saw this application he realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but so that citizens have adopted tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the battery.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take up the shorter disasters.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when it snows up.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition takes a couple of years old.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told that we had done it by the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that even time has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that shows you in a couple of days and it's succeeded in viral form is a kind of tape of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the better government ways to work, not like private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
That is, without restrictions, in open and generations.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of a quiet institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good at collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Company for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain about it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DNA Red American Redeotive -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim OPE: "What we do together because we don't have it."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And because the government in the last end of us -- remember that from us, the people?" The way we think about it will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of sands.
This is the phone care of service and information.
It's the place that calls the so-called 311 in the U.S.
Scott announced this call.
Internet "Waiting in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the doors in the house, put good music and see if it was?"
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the sandwich.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and phone, called Connecticut Concerting.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Mechanical Boston.
One day, this really happened this question: "Waiting in my trash cube. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it?"
The Concert Chain dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Concert Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw him a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Garden? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, sweet sandwich."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are helping and helping others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we will strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches off.
It's below what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that shock that keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work.
We have to collaborate with government machine.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 365 pages in response to the second of the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resonated to the government, it's time we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't care about government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to force civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act uniform, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than a lot of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost by granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much to make your voices heard.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a nurse, taking a milestone, making a garbage cube that has a sea inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogens and many people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that; we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices of voices, or will we be a hundred hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and at the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here's fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's characteristic, can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house from an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1880 and her experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving as well.
When I was a little girl and I looked at her, she came up to me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then let me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, came back to me and said, "Brazil, still feel my harmony?"
And if I said no, I would grab me again, and if he said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
At occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and then he took me out of my hand and said, "Go Brazil. We both are going to talk about.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brand, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mammali."
She said, "Now get sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "See, Mammali."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Adam: "She is my son, and you have to promise me to always take care of her."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, like that.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to ask you is that you will always do the right thing to do the right thing to be difficult."
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to ask you is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mamma, like that.
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have one brother a year older and a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I didn't know where I pulled them out, I grabbed my sister and I went for the forest.
We just came up with the crazy choices.
He took a beer surface, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You're good. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today, I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer.
I picked up the look at the force and he said, "Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with Mammal."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mommy tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was described.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be spreading up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virus. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see you sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe power to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban of the bridge.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, we had to get compressive.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1978 there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in medical freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or poor communities, it's so much designer, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black. One in three and 30 years is in jail or conditional freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all the young color people are in jail or conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a very better judicial system if you're rich and guilty -- that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, it's wealth that drives the results.
And it seems like we feel very small.
The politics of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems of us.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you from rights forever if you have a criminal convention.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it at the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in some lighting process.
The only country in the world.
I represent people at the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
And in a certain sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for committed crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine performance people, it has identified one that is innocent and released from the death of death.
An error rate, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would not be allowed to be allowed to put airplanes if every nine who would wake up, you would have a star.
But somehow we are isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and led to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
I worried to be bombarded.
The terror threat was what defined his lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, you make speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we lead for the first time with terrorism, after 1990."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial supplier and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that we couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good about listening to what you say."
Audience: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, interactive and deliberately, we would put people to execute."
So reflect about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would go to people, especially if they were in their biggest Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually care about these such difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are -- though, implanted.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are started by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalization.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the leaves, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think of them is, in some ways, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas that are fed by heart conversations.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just brilliant and discovering, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valley Haiti, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in the hopes of despair and be a text."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think still in communities like TED, should be committed.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclude inequality, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity that if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carrot called me to say, "Brazil, it comes up with Mrs. Park -- we're going to meet us to speak.
Do you want to come and get you?"
I said, "Be lady. I know I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Look at you."
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was very vibrating, very lighting up.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks turned to me and said, "Now Brazil, I say that's that idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted understanding.
We're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a conditional freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty period.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We're trying to end up with mass economics."
I gave it all my best speech and at the end of me and he looked at me, and he said, "My Mommer mom Mim."
And I said, "Would you be advised, very advantage."
And at that time, Ms. Carrot leaned up, put the finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very valued, but very valuable.
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst that we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not a greenhouse.
Even if somebody kills another, it is not a market.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very lighting -- it's not going to be judge by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because the way they treat the rich and powerful and privileged ones, but the way they treat poor and conventional and prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel missing. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of diet.
I go to jail and see my 14-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been qualified to be played as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge was released as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was willing to think about -- by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it should have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, judge has magical powers.
You should ask for some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't really think about it, but I started working on a motion.
I had a 14-year-old customer, a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the motivation, with an equivalent that said, "Mother for my 14-year-old black customer to be treated as a 57-year-old privilege, a $150 executive.
In the motivation I found that there had been driving in the accessible, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an underlying line about how in this country there is no ethic but a lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking that instant motivation would be a dream or really write?
For my horror, not only was it recorded, but he had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I came up to the car and I felt really advanced, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and benefit.
I finally went down the car. I walked to the judgment.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man. I was the compression of judgment.
When I saw me, he came to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you a lawyer?" I said yes.
So I came up with me and I was embracing me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That connected deeply with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
By the way, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this story motion?"
I said, "Be Mr. " I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all innocent.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up with the cops the assembly phenomenals, the automotive.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of these things because we were talking about race, because we talked about poverty, because we were talking about inequality.
With the robot of the eye I was able to see the realization that was going and came.
I was looking through the window, and I kept hearing all that scream.
I kept walking here and in there.
Finally, this old black face, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a receiver.
During the rest of a sea station was shown because the counselor had entered the room.
The assistant was absorbed on the old black.
And he said, "Jump, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up and looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I've got this room room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with field."
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
That we cannot be truly human beings if we don't worry about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragile of fragility, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal of firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an evident desire from the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
SS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will make an effort to restore the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you will spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of homicides are not concerned in arrested.
65 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This refugee is going to show you that these funds are destroyed to make the law, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There have been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think about it?
SS: Actually, the rate of criminal crime has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war of drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the cardiovascular population.
And we let us talk about the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into performance to performance, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brand, we've been excited about today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Announcer: Magic 2: Hammer in Somalia, Logue 3: The police throw up O.C.
Voice 4: Lates displaced. Life 5: Lord Cruces.
Local 6: Social decision. Voice 7: 65 dead.
Locamatic 8: There is a tsunami of tsunami, Louis 9: Charles.
Several locals. War to national. mass destruction touries.
Recessary. Bank. Just life. Egypt. Syria.
Christian. Dead. Destruction.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- unfortunately, they could be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that media means prefer to provide us negative news, because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses are getting a lot more data than probably the brain can process it.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first side of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a rich.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So in a story of stories, we will rather look at the negative.
That old sports showed from the press, "If there's blood, sell, it's very true.
And since all digital devices provide us negative news on the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we are personalized.
You don't surprise people think the world is going wrong.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe instead, what really happens is we get distribution.
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, the extinction of species and water scarcity and energy -- we certainly have it.
As human beings, we are very good at adding the problems, and on the long we end up with them.
We analyzed what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled, the average income per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, from electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, battery, television, mobile, mobile and cars.
The bars of the signal of the last century, the entrepreneurs of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
And by supporting a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that leads to information technology jump in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and on a virtual.
It's the fastest computer result used to build more fast computers.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And although it's graduated on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends from Australia call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine and AIDS.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeansia of Washington from IBM?
It was a street.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this: "Washington beat human opponents.
Jewish is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a decision of companies who have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and turning it up.
You see, scarcity is context, and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Navasual II story of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited dinner the king of Simon.
The Nanopatch troops ate with silver covered and the same Nanopatch, with gold covered by gold.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was more than the gold and the platform.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum of aluminum as well.
You see, although aluminum is four percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and substances.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy trends every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the delight of diamond, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a mile per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars through water.
Do you remember when Carl San pointed up the Voyager space to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture. How did it go?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live in a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for half of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brilliant -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it, his technology called Somalia -- maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water at the day of any source water water, warm water, a little leg -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that making a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will globally implement in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation that exists today.
And we've seen it in the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the late 2013, in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, HIV video images, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they are disappearing and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they come up with the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Common Foundation, something called the X Prize Common Prize, from 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak with, and since it has A.I. -- they can take blood out of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA virus that you don't recognize to call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the one billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds of minds never before you add to global conversation.
What are these people?
What will you consume? What wish you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you'll move more health thanks to the Mediterranean, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can it provide us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive healthy.
What about a few voices never before?
What if we give the options, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know about.
It's called Folkeeper.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is folding out.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people stood up and started playing it.
And it has shown that today's recognition machinery is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brilliant of the brilliant.
We have the caregiver of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the cover of the part of the part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1834.
You might believe that I felt periodically, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the one.
I caught it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Lister of the UCLA.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protective.
The flowers still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the demonstration of the waist.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a rule in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The rule was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from some manufacturers.
There were about 20 inches of 200, the black bar.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went down there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half.
They killed the five centimeters market.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated at the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, you know, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
Financial development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- was called Matt Four.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in South Marching Marching and above all, in the Aral Sea.
What we capture was something interesting.
We capture, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny manuals on a few remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was appropriated.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They discovered them because they were dead.
We captured a living.
I was still not adjusted.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the side point at the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, a number of oranges, the rising of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extraordinary forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of changes.
And then at the end of keeping a few restrications.
And that, largely we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are already no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's little frequently.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose animals very often.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, would argue that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are, as they capture such a and so many fish in this area cannot be used or generally don't use the scientists in fishing because it's not scientifically."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instructions that are inspired because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the huge role that can be a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the score point has run and it's very low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their part of the party.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle East, for example?
I think there are art and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a symbol of the Charles Bay system.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charles Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and techniques are like "Space."
And if you think about "Space, if you think about why people were touched with the movie -- not talking about the story of Parkinson's -- why would you move with the imagery of the images?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is to Cameroo, make "Speech II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allende, the YouTube trends manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos get viral and what matters it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities singer, motions, -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, drives neuroscience in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a satellite.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets influence of vision and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: Treating creations, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bear Vassau. Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God."
Wow.
Oh, Oh, Guardian.
KA: Last year, Pearl Veron published this video shot outside his house in the National Paradigm of Hosphon.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the last summer.
Beat is not likely to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mosecondan Mountain Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmerrey published this ton that took the video into the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmerrey present us new things and interesting things and pull them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black.  It's Friday, Vietname. You have to start the Friday --   everybody wants to get the weekend.   Everyone wants to get the weekend.  KA: You will not think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Seeing Redwood Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Arthur I double, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other pictures, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one?
Well, Tom Tom and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson -- Mission Science Title, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a wider audience, speed up the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pieces of "Seeing View in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the industrial entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- it's an indicator or doing something new with that.
"Hey Cat" is a repetitive animation with a load music.
That's what it is.
This year was seen about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours that you've seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were records.
Someone did a version of the old one.
And then it was interconnected.
Suddenly, a whole community of memory that made this would happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arthrick Orangel Douglasse," or Red California?
What could you have written to be written by this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the capital malls in New York, I admit that I don't get too interested in it.
Casey Nigeria. I was blown by not circular for the biochemism, but there are often obstacles that prevent you very closely by the biology.
KA: Thank you to the surprising effect and his humor, Casey Nigeria got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bear Voyager: What does this mean?
Ooh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media from a new culture, which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity in the world.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Beinero, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece. A man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drawing, a man whose entire life was supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities come into Sango, and they get the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were blowing it.
It was refused in silence.
It died in history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in the wing, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to zoom in, but we support.
The next part of the puzzle is on a boat when it was all the way to the sea.
My mother, Mai, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old lady that challenges the fiction, a boat was distributed to the shame of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pictures, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragmentary with poison.
If you caught us, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the purpose of supply in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came up several times, but they were forget with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malawi, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had then the same saving.
After three months in a refugee camp, we developed in Meloin.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations making a new life together.
We set up in Project, a working-class suburb whose population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I found out, in Project, I had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English interrupt were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were admired, and I set up an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, that usually it was new roll. It was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tracks, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing and some graphics, Asian, they come home."
At home, where?
Something in me was reduced.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered started, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came up with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry and influenced, and children stuck between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and pathologists.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic astronaut student that was involved with what I was afraid of myself.
In the other, I was blessed in prison, tragic lives by violence, the abuse of drugs and the isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, they chose my young Australian young year.
And I went from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So Le, resident anonymous of Projection, was now so Lester, refugee and social activist invited to talk in sites that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the conference of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we went up to the boat.
The hasn't ever been an option.
"Do it to me, he said, "And you don't know what you don't.
So I talked about juvenile and education and education to the marginalizations and the descriptions.
And the more frankly I was talking, the more it was used to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my limitation, I realized I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a unknown, a recent arrival -- new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that I will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collecting the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your provider.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is demanded, but not the way we fear.
Possible that they wouldn't have been allowed to have been allowed to be allowed.
There was an energy there, an implemental optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the slogan cannot be done, was an orbit challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked till the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
And after a single journey.
My careers again.
Three months later, I had moved on, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew up alone.
At 17 became a convention of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, he caused a return to deliver and take her cause herself and much more back when I win.
And it can't be done by a mistake.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, about 1,000 miles in Meloin.
I looked through the shoe of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Projection and sat around his attack.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with it.
A monkey came up and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the son, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?"
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"No slowly soldiers."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Because of who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have known easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, supply brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything in surrounding?
I don't know.
But if I could give you to save and see them saverage, I would do.
transfer Neliferation and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Raganic about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Quartethouse square.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the old Indian epidemic "The Marchist."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car and we served the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was arriving, the great Indian warrior warrior, he had a side, he pulled an arch and a floor on the ground, it got water.
Now we do the same with stealing and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And so I got a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more technique.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a store if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't bring it into my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his block floating relax.
And this 50-year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and barriers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They are in our inspiration.
So I launched me, I went back to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing magic.
And I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
Put the text with the image, the animation, sound and touch.
Narration becomes more and more multiplication.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Korea, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Tell your fingers about every light.
And so --   he says, "This box belongs to "play." I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times, I get a letter -- the iPod knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes around me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So here we have to tilt the iPad.
And, really, lighting your way into what remains from the book.
Another idea that was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy was hanging on a balloon.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bullet that I drag towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all of the fantasy books there have always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flow and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the shores.
We've all heard of the ones and the numbers, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the supplies the sheets?
These poor supplies have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been linked to their PC: they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections, of panels, stones and backs and careers.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual ritual in the childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture of a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that can then put on the Web.
A line of London puts a picture of a shop and says, "Oh, today, I saw a ship."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we plant to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes up, and you actually increase you see a group of animated diets that appear on the plants inside the house.
At one point, the screen is full of leaves at a time.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them out so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world in which nature forces are entreprened with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We take the energy out of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop hearing patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Rabbag was to describe a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi supercomputer. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of a strike and got off.
All the morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Z.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my hip doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that you need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect me to my Wi-Fi class, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk about, Lovel, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back and recover control and to be captain of their own ship, but it can also help us care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
You can do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crowd.
And one of the things we did would want to share it with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM boxes are in March.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the Deson saved lives right now.
What we did was we made crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DIY, please send them from, and when it's open, because sometimes open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lander, augmented reality to find these DIY.
And every time you are in the city of Marchest and someone collapse, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest DIT, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DETAXO 44, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we want to start at the world level.
We're using all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the U.S. crowd around the world.
Every time you are on vacation and somebody collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA is shown in its place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is this photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the culture.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by protecting the culture.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or pictures like this and dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the actual realistic.
And when I say realistic I say photographics."
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Do the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly impossible objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if there was a tool.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think they're the ones we don't even think, the things that surround us in our daily lives.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined -- they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came up with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal point, I think it's easier to create a place that you can find because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even did red the house on the top of the island so that it looks more sound.
So to achieve a realistic result I think that makes planning missing.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a letter mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RCA microbes versus the power of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like a lot of others that we tend to see, it's kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale.
Speaking technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please understand the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to transmit, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the microbes, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of the technological development that every few years in advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If you will, we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that adds the world?
What new state is around the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're in it.
I remember that the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what happens in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been forgotten, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale in which I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I was floating up a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms.
But those guys were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they have been divided an unequal distribution of chemicals that they continue.
And so every single golf was a little different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow they were diagnosed by being better at the time to incorporate the chemical chemicals -- they grew more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these games learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand very well these guys learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscope that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments, and I amplified it 10 to the 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an equipment that would have put it in a virus and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming that cell community.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they caught them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant resistance, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
And so they survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were getting more and failed for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multiple community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learning how to eat a certain clip because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these processing structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a lot of fun and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that saved some analogy with me.
But we took something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
So now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computing tape, the video tape, the CDP, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which it produced some evolution with the Conversation program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like the electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is forced -- I guess Australia is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process recovered.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects in such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of The Galapagos Damaismental, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that could not be able to get a lot further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions at random.
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to run all those programs, and take those who are most approximate to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are most close to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions.
But one, luckily, I could use two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task do?
Let's add those and let's remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we go back to reproduce them following a process of analytic recovery to sex."
Let's take two programs, which will make children, who exchange submissions, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
California again.
It introduces some mutations to it.
It tries again and report with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that ordered numbers in an absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But you get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
Once I was on a 747 with Marshall Minister and he takes a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight -- doesn't make you feel a sea?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's returned.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are recovered.
We're getting off.
And we are at an analog moment from the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We're the numbers and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before they get me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to allow me to spend part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World Serio.
We love baseball. Right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to go out Resentery the rules -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a barrier that balls 300 dollars.
That means that basic battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attracted, and that anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three trials of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 of the Big League in the Great Licks?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-year-old baseball barrier?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 buttons, it takes four.
Legal -- like the Lego Williams Legan, the last largest player of baseball Los Big League to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we go through this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have advice and they're distributed to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record of administration.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved self has two underwear coronary arteries and their family doctor is leading it to a cardiologist whose record in ancient is 200 of the 2000.
But you know something?
She's getting this year.
And their actions have been 255.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon, or a prosthetic surgeon, of a nurse or a clinical obstacle?
A thousand very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the ones of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include me, with the mandate, to be perfect.
That never, never, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldil was studied until a blood test.
So ...
I studied in my little despair, in the nurse of the General Hospital hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the road, the diagnosis of the distance and the non-level difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to calculate kidney turning.
And as I was so busy and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to the whole thing, because this is how I would get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Robert.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto, when they brought the Rough lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when you emerge to consume a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
It's going to report to the head of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drug was going on.
I heard a sound sound.
And when I got it up, I heard a subtle sound in both sides -- what I was telling for a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagnosis, water pills so I could eliminate liquid literature.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I got the first mistake. He sent her to his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and turn it to him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to make a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to assume responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
By sending it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Galaxy, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that he asked the nurse to take the Rod Red Shoulder, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think it will be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance next to the paradigms took her to her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not the one that was taken from Mr. Drug before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear fear.
Other specialists fear it too, but there is a particular participation and we see patients forget.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent the house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
In an hour of an hour of having arrived in his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, the paradigms brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles of Hait, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff set up all their resources.
They gave them medication to raise the artery pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was constantly committed to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a reverse brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go. The Mrs. Robert, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I signed up for it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, insane, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt like.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I had the stuff and I am sure that they wouldn't be standing up.
And I kept asking them those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, "Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so string?
Why do I choose medicine?
Little by that feeling was discriminated.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, it opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I was climbing the efforts to be perfect to make no more errors, it would be able to challenge those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was a help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the garage.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little colored.
He sent him penicillin and sent him to her home.
But as he turned to the door he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian change, my boss asked to talk to me standing in his office.
And I got the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the garden?
And he came back and he didn't have a strategic fantasy.
He had a potentially deadly approach called extractions.
You can look for it at Google. It's an infection, not the garden, but from the surface of the top, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fall.
You add antibiotics to internal and recovered the few days.
And then the same period of shame and representations, then I was relieved and returned to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same emergency tumor, no diagnosis advisers.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
It turned out a robotic rock round, but it was normal. A colleague that was looking at the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand room and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
And he ordered him liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it, and when I noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand room, I called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I got stuck up, I was driven.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and like many colleagues say, it's a because.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and unfortunately.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a triangle in my hospital took the wrong leg down, believe me that I would have difficulty looking at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you can't sleep, and those who have a great outcome of results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we leave medicine to the people who make mistakes.
But it brings two problems.
In 20 years of difficulty and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical proteins and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Stare State to my program, "What work "Wood Coach, Black Art Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unique.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs are written in the hospital are wrong, or doubleming is not right. In a system where international infection is increasingly more and more, and more numerous -- providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24 diets are killed by the medical errors in this country.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about bureaucratic substances, because we're not trying the problem as we should.
And this is what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get there.
Sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. It comes crazy with pink eyes and with alcohol and all of a sudden, my story will be attached.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things as much as the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't fill their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, there will be no one.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "language, black art, is a course to say, "This is my worst show, I would say to everyone, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst short," blah, blah, blah, what are your mistakes?" And it will lead the microphone towards them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same error."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a dedicated medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefinition of redefinition is human, you know, you know, it accepts it, and it's not removed from their mistakes, but it is effort to learn what happens to teach others.
You share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving and a loving way for everybody to benefit it.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes in a time.
My name is Brian Gland.
I'm a redesigned doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I strive for learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day all?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up a middle American -- it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of prisoners of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were destroyed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministrations.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your elections.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How does the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the act, to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of options of options.
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it made this very, very high supercomputer, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vintare, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the embryonic water, and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why did I never buy anything but buy anything?
This is the end of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the box that were in the baby company that came out of military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Do you work this strategy of offering all of these choices?"
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Palm.
They had 3D different classes.
We installed a post to demonstrate, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there sentence from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what do people were willing to stop testing the member?
More people were stopped when they were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a standard of member.
So here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there were 24 -- only three percent of them would buy measured.
The ones that they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent would be sentence.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six -- that if they found 24 to it.
Well, deciding that we don't buy movement probably makes us, it is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with guru Hubble, and I would start Mandale and Web Jane, where we looked at the decisions on savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds available in savings of savings for retirement -- the 404 program, and I would give people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate reduced the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were used to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial facts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are what we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision -- that they do it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up things less satisfying -- even though they're objectively going better.
The main reason is that we manage to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard and vine and measuring, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and to fight and choose that awesome display.
Today I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is, Corpusion.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Court."
They worry about losing space in the road.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales -- you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shoutabons to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Chair calls the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- the users were increased in 98, by two causes -- higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that in average today, in average order, 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth trend in the current world is Alice and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle better choices is the plant of David Laward, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically understood to a life insurance fund.
Those of you who really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you will not be able to do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Garace.
(Music -- whatever is ready to accept the offer.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually applied to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round of the road, but I can go ahead and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choices, which is Concrement.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit than when you use effective cards?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sharade Bensity and Alexander President, on personal Indian Pennsylvania people who worked in INCRA. These people were in a meeting in which they were adapting to a 404 plan.
To that meeting, we thought exactly how it used to be used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff who would think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the accelerators of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account.
The third technique is Clanned.
We can handle more categories.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the subsidies of the West throughout the edge of the north, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 333 different kinds to 62.4.
But you know, you know?
Because the rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two pieces of jewelry experts.
One is called "a Again, the other one, "Silent."
If you think the one on the left is Singapore, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm.
(Music -- well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Sing, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Singapore. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something to whom I choose, not that the definition.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
Who is supposed to be informed?
My fourth category, Condition complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we only simplify it.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German cartoon manufacturer that allows you to personalize it.
You have to make 60 decisions, to fix the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look at.
How much involved you are.
If you approach the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or well, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from many choices to a few choices -- you take the button by affection over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to pick up.
Even though picking up the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decision, it somehow prepared us to choice.
We're excited about a product that we are building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice surroundings: Court, eliminate strange alternatives -- Concert, to make it real. Calculation, we can drive more categories with less choices, to coordinate complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who they serve.
I think that the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by picking up.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in communist Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing you had to register it to the government.
You had to record a text text sheet, written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of the text.
If they found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printed printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that makes a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They are the circulations.
Like Mr. Dimmel Goldille from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, ingenious amounts of things.
There are really a lot of millions of cases online, multiple, who won money with their attacks.
This is Village Traditions, from Turkey, Stage.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Warren Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Earth Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media using banking trains to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Janey was slowly, you know his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a crime that a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of impact in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have display in the last 12 months occupying a paper based on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that attack in.
And then we see cases like Disnicen.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Disgue is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
It will declare the balance the last fall, because of a syndrome.
They surprised the security of the site and they were performing a clip.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the Dutch government representative meeting -- I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Disney.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die, because of an attack of these?
Discovery is a certain authority.
They sell centimeters.
So what are the certificates?
Well, you need if you have a website with hotels, service services, September Stanford services.
Except that they intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they emit concerted catches.
And in the case of Disnaisanical happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took out the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the back of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this folder called "Footing Chicago."
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
Or, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, we found the Sunday Transitness, a hero used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the School Transitness to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online arguments to get our data.
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discussions.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we summarize today, it will forever.
Are we going to be blindly confident in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi, National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
Nairobi National Park has no close to the most part of the South, which means that wild animals like dogs migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we get up in the morning and we found it dead and felt very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pay them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hate the lions.
They die them are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they are also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, in six at nine at nine to nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't work, because even helped the lions to see the stable state.
I didn't give me. I continued.
One second idea was to use a spiral spirit.
He tried to deceive the lions so they thought I was near the stable.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the spirals, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and they said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the star with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light to move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would pretend and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken distance.
Army everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights deploy.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how lions look like when they come from night.
The lights are standing and they deceive the lions to think I'm walking around the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators, like herbs, legs, and it's also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the prizes of the savanna holding my father's cows out of my father, and I used to see planes fly, and he told me that some day it would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and leaders, we can be with lions without any conflict.
It's silent. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
TR: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: An electric close?
TR: I know that the electric fences were invented -- but I want to do my own.
CA: You tried it once, right? And you -- RT: I've tried it before, but I just got a campus.  CA: On the foot of the singer. Richard Torturs, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that you do, friend mine.
Thank you very much. TR: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Indian Innovation."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim IIM, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're ready to die."
I was very quiet.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine go to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during hunger, and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also did more and more frequently the energy cuts -- everything around me was completely dark, at night except for the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very adversary at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like North North.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed in, and it would be represented to a horrible destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interrogated in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not North."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some of the North Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign embarrassing.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depression.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans had so much lucky.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and represented to North Korea, where they are tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky in spreading, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be used in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to be able to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Seated in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We are all Coracists, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a sub-Saharan or North North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride mine.
Although embracing the life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the investment exam to college.
Just when I began to adapt to my new life, I got a call attacked.
North Korean authorities were interacting some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to the force on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and walked down to the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and we almost caught a few times.
Once, our bus was arrested and abandoned by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody's identification and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was constantly standing up and told him that they were self-self-interest people who were coming up.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Lab border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laden.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and managed to cross the border influenced.
After paying the clothes and self-defense, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and recorded again in Laden capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was held in prison at a short distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or malls.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to him.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubling, the man went to the ATM business, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and take them out of prison.
I thank me with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you." He said.
"I'm helping the North Perusion."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North town when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the hope rays that the North American needs need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or none of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea, the rest of the world.
Because many of us are continuing to contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans transporting around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Center South State.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South Anderson, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles.  stores of lighting, fast food, balloon land.
Like 266 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of house you see the data effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as a car users.
I see cell crime centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me in order to handle 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did was I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 x three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we went together and started to plant our food forest trees -- you know, the nine whole vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group of paradigm paid by the course of gardens of all the processing, all of the city and completely voluntary and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained about it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden -- the quote was made order of a judgment.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?"  So I was like, "Well, let's take it."
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louise, and I talked to the concert and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Commodate with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My approach even called to say they were respecting and adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloon terrain.
It's got 68 miles of ballet terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why is it that you don't think about this?
Growing up a plant will give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of straws will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my him, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Creating your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Like an artist of gratitude, that removed walls, I fight soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of line, and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the earth can do. If they let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a surgeon is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
Barrier is the most therapeutic and problematic act that they can do, especially in a surface.
Also, they get streets.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 10 o'clock at night, and they were in my garden, and they were in my garden, and they looked very little.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Finally, don't you fear people are going to steal your food?"
So what I say, "For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at once, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared her stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them in plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat cool.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to you in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they are attracted. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which is not carrying them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Carron.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to bring connections and turn them into healthy cases.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people to work with people, get kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological redesignes, gas, gardens gas.
We have to change the script of what's a goal.
If you're not a garden, you're not a guess.
The consumers take their wing road?
That is your choice weapon of choice.
In summer, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some milk to talk about doing some mind.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Mars solution."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, where it rain a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it salts.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make space straight roads.
The post-control space, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has ports and the water can pass through it, so all the rain water flows down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't save water again.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very distance, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has debours, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can download it.
What is it to remove? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface come out.
First of all, a little bit more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give them your paradox, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Backs, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of addition between the stones.
Because of the interest, to the U.S. light, the optimism, this adjecting, the glue between the roads, will be slowed up, and if you say, you will become microbials and it will be separated from adversaries.
So if you drive through the road, you will take you off the agencies, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about articles of art.
If we can make this material art, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean sensors, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the drink.
So we have a little spectrum with little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Independent industry can complain, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the baby, the benefit flows through these microbials and the stones will look back into the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here to the stage.
The miracle oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try to try.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the ABC highway, where we had to make an essay cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repeated them then with our engineering machine, and we repeated them and tried them back into it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers using the energy of industry to actually increase the lives of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair acts are.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the pen in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news usually depressed.
"The Taliban were being raised my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school."
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were supported from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who no longer could be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we were going to be able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market for it to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban were supported.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attached, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a story.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total discussion of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father did it.
But my mother was a teacher.
This is her.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not education.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to remove, but my father said, "Meyo, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the battlefield, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Middle College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was extended from her home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters.
He wasn't just paralyzed from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who led it to the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the Global Ambassador of 101, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Solar, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a developing opposition.
Like America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on from Solar to his village, and literally they were being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice was asked to be able to send his daughter to school, they would try it again.
"Maybe if you want," he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old old ideas and the black ideas."
What I have given to you about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of their daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often they're the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't spend a lot, after the U.S. troops of the United States.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibility, and every day the girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in existence, "The "Yeah, resistant to Gabby. struggle against him.
But you never get a Gamen Republican.
They have spent almost two years since the rain revolution was inspired by the waves of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as in Egypt.
A force with a lot of other light citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of land and start a revolution against the Taskani Terrando regime.
And we did it, it was a big revolution.
Women and young young men were in the sand, demand the fall of the regime, by paying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a worth of value to face the brutal dictator of Gabby.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the terrain.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy charge, a terrain legacy, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Take Transit regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of light society.
Consciousness of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demand an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gabby -- about 300 in Tribuble.
After a 35 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Library of Women Lab for Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate for the social autonomy of women, and by our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the remarkable period -- an environment that was increasingly politically, which is moved from the policies of domain and expansion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the early elections in 52 years.
But gradually by the existence of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we find news news.
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques and the Sufi times.
Another day he loved the news of the American ambassador, and the attack to the consumption.
Another day we woke up with the news murder of the army official.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuous rape of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, gets more polarized and removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exclusive and the revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the successful list and the elections.
So I'm here today to trust that we as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security.
The credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still politically and dominated with popular dominant policies and exclusive, both by men like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what the choices needed to do, which only reinforce the polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than the numerical representation of it.
We need to stop acting like inadequate agents and calling the way to area.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only honest, but it also puts mercy. Instead of communication, collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of expanding.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, desperately needs the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has an alternative that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspective and male perspective.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a version of the Koran Salamander -- it is the word of the missing God, "John compassion."
At the same time, the word "Rather -- which is known in all the army traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Raciot" -- symbolizing the feminine and material, which is going to all the humanity that men and women, where all the tribes and all the people have embraced.
And so, just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion nutrients all existence.
This is how we say, "My mercy.
This is how we say, "My mercy.
That all of you are given the mercy of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a compelling question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing, why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who pays it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been reading at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Venture magazine.
I had my first apartment -- my first green American American American stream, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I was standing in my head with a pilot, loaded with sheet of ship background.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Louisaville" -- a psychological journey, the supply of love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivors of domestic violence.
I'm a Listener in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBI in Marchite Business School School.
I've spent most of my career working for the company "Of the Fourth Finger Council, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burnardo and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post,
I took about 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black water and I drive a mining monkey Honor Oscone.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religion, all the levels of reference and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the marketing are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interesting and long duration or, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, the reason why the domestic abuse is so distributed.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stood in, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for partners, noises and abusive husband in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the New York subway and started to work with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been lifted from a university of the English English and worked in a very important bank by Wall Street.
But what struck me most of that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
He had big molds like apples, and a bridge break wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning with a pedestrian.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard who put passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was so that the license in that school prestigious and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and doing the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a localizing love, which was coming into a physical suit and financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where you go into the scene that pictures.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that place where I was supposed to be able to have the Congo had to feel so safe to buy three pilots.
One was in the kitchen of the car.
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived with small.
He needed them to feel safe.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in a very dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and he still had the way.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we lived happily for always because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very short.
It had simply felt very upset by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our mom's moon, and he was grabbed by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
He continued to ask me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or accountability at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are marked -- 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did it go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply advanced man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Cuba face her demonstrations.
The other question that everybody is doing is: Why does it just not be driven?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to leave a marketing.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murders in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has come end to the relationship, after you get away because then the automobile has nothing to lose.
Other representations include the permanent cost, even after the automobile has gone back to married, forgography of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not supported with the man who caught their mother.
And we still keep asking why isn't it going?
I was able to go, because of one last pollen state that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: the police, my neighbors and my friends and family, to my friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stress victims as stealth catalogists, automatic women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?"
For some people it's a way to say "the guilt is your belief to stay, as if the victims are going to be intense to love men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Loundamen love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also excited, who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them and they took their lives in life and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers -- completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a tender and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that minister black dead.
What I'm not going to get to have ever got more, ever -- is a short piece pointing to my head in somebody's hands of somebody who says I want.
And at this point, the same are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." or "Hall," what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, who are being marked or that they were a small or that they're adversity themselves.
The market could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take out the market to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They replicate their view of survivors like fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, from 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first rock change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they mate, they don't have to tell it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These machines are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it also surfaces.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend, in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would drag the back, and it would take the hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial break like the one that made me two days ago for work, there are very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and incredible, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being valuable means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but it was significant.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a catastrophe discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of an interconnection, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, juvenile and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admit, we've also associated with a high and forest figure, to feminist and white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've known to take a lot of money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now are specifically, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, hope. There are Namascat, Throat, Joan Sharion List Wing.
First of all, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York counted all and each of the models in the runway, and from the 677 models, only 27 -- that is, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I would really tell you every one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nice cardiac surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist no, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of redefinition of the American magazine or the CEO of HMT, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have already done your studies, and you have a curator and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, if you say you want to be president from the United States, but your curator said, "Mobation model for 10 years, people would look weird at you.
The next question that people always do is if all pictures are recorded.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a button, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is what it looks like next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a stick party a few days before the French Voice pictures here.
Here I am with my soccer team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, liberties, markets, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and productivity people and population, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tails of 20 inches and I never use, except the last couple of parts, but the privilege I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a very beautiful driver -- he jumped a little bit in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I had a sense of it, agents so I could keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their own without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year of the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times I would stop me? And when do I go?
When I research for this talk, I learned that about 53 percent of 13 years in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number rises to 78 percent at 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer that they expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm unique.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the more to fashion but probably be the most physically more insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to stop from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more predictable photos -- and I wasn't me who killed them.
There were no artistic directors, no students, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting edge.
In fact, most of them took them to random.
My story starts when, to find myself in New York City to give a pollution, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the section of 57 and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to San York to New York in a dance trip and continue the ritual.
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever been in the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand him.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all ways.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new hits, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacting with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking in, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red guy out of the wrist store that was advised by small visits in before.
And I described what he had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
He began to remember his heart pay with force looking at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that pulls the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to go to someone and ask them -- does it take us a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The numbers are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter like mental characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the press pen laughter, applause and accelerations are the attributes that they associate with the Kenyan Parliament but I don't accept.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment --  Parkinsons don't help prevent disease spread of disease.
It's hardly monitoring.   They're far away from extracting.  And my favorite, the cars have better presence.    There are two kinds of bottles on this planet.
There are the New World clouds that are mostly in the Americas, like the content and the career, and the old World Barbarians, where we have 16 species -- in these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the currents important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, clean.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the carcasses up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the brain that not to be for them would spread and cause big losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no clouds, the carcasses take three to four times more time in describing, and it has huge branching branching in the spread of disease.
The numbers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Negroponte was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cow, symbioted the unit between the high and the Beet Beet.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the child child, and he risked his life to save the Side of the 10 heads of Randoma heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they do very important environmental environments in places like the Tibet -- there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these kids provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the clouds?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six are at the end of extinction.
The reason is that they're being understood, and the reason they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and family.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of course are in the critical list of endangered dangers, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dickin.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no cars, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in card streets, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for rage -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 ambitions are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They are birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead current to serve the brain and the filtration market.
So what are it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so to focus on a problem that is literally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the numbers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help help? You can become active -- you can do noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures. Giving their time to spread the word. Spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will report about the numbers, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the cars.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do -- I promise my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1997 to 1977, I love young, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, East of Mark, Algeria, and Somalia. In terms of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was pursued.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were doing about it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "War of Zearando, was a project where we were Italian, we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and teaching local local tomatoes to grow Italian and calculators and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't happen.  We were amazed that the local, in so fertile Valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  And I go to time to save the people from Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautiful.
We got these magnificent taxons. In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the ambients: "Look, what easy is agriculture.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 we have been able to come up from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the lamps, "Oh my God, we have it."
And the animals said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't you say it?" "I never said, "You know, I never asked.
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans do, what English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the supply.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we give them to the confidence of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Death" from Daman Moore, a ladiever economist, economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Give it from a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impertistics, collaborative missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or pathogenal them, or we are patterns.
The two words come from the Latin root pattern," which means "a parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Pathology, I treat anyone in a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of it."
Pathology, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Booka "car."
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, written by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped alone.
This must be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at 27 years to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you never have any reason to anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It comes down.
I never got to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never scare and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't scare their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face and you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business -- who is establish with you at home, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in hope, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this confident junk where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I was studied.  So the government says, "I do new --  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Rodwan, one of the greatest business searches in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Robinson was a philosophy professor before you get involved in business, and this is what Peter Robert says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an environmental company economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you now rebuild Christian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to talk to you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy has to be fantastic by helping them, and then you will say, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What presentation you've got more this morning.
And that's what you have applauded.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial industrial revolution -- fundamental fossil formals -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nourish it, we currently, we educate, we transport seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution. universities, discovery them."
The government? Deliver it."
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was unimaginable. New York City didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring to the population of New York to the around, they would take six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting stuck in strong.  So in 1860, they were discussing this dirty technology that would build New York lives.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in America in the United States appeared 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few spaces, scales, factory in the lawn places.
Delaho, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflicting.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute one, dedicated serious service.
And then finally, you will have to tell you the truth of the truth with it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three great things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic communication, and you have to count with a fantastic financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, West, Edinober, Ford all the new companies, Google, Haward.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of them was started by one person.
Not the word "me," but the word "us," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have failures, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cats, in bars next to their dedicated candidates who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you to you, "What does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look for somebody for?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automobiles, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape.
How do you share more of our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams of developing?
I live in New Orleans and I'm love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lovers and drugs and sounds from making centuries and trust in a city.
And I always hate the music.  There's a device in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I managed to keep this look in my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and he painted about her phrases to complete -- before I die "I want."
So the transistors could take a tape, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering.
And I'd like to share with some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by parking."  Before I die, I want to sit in the leave of the date of data."
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the network.
Before I died, I want to hug it once again.
Before I died, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cartoons, destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scale scales, and it's about giving the reflection and controversy, and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues from the civic center, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that are more likely to tell us.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Red is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
It doesn't speak, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
You share it information in a way that happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16. It's high. It's very cool.
It gets the most impressive memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out of each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I was standing in my arm during the first episode of Titanics and Lake Gate birthday.
Don't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree with.
And in fact, because your minds are not attached to the concept of normal society, often they're ignored and uncomfortable.
But what drives my heart and fortune my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the corner, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and authentically and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automobility, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it becomes manipulated in a different way, which Red is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are rapidly increasing in the world, there is no cause or known culture.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember a single day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
It was surgeoning a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences became more evidence.
But beyond the brothers, frustration and intelligent hypertension, there was something really unique. A pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that I never mentioned before.
remarkable.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, time when I would have wish they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens to the beauty that give us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Red and to Sam and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have. They're a double," each of us has a gift in their inner and, honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what has been to be Alice in the World country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Starting from these students with his big minds, his great books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt like I felt when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, hundreds of hunting stories.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the transportations, but they study the transportations, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat operations.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
Leader is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature," but why don't I say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as to make them accountability.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without buying the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways of launching and exciting with their content.
And when you present their work, forget the signals of balance."
You have wondered why they're called balls?"  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's also supported in the language of our brain and overwhelming us.
Instead, this example of example of Gene Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the robots is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the Eiffel tower.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then to provide graphs that go to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what you describe about.
I think these are just some key things that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all over the media -- the measurement --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire Oxford English dictionary is "self-increase."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "submission means "pollution "purpose."
Although there was a pediatric editor of the 19th century that defined her much better when he said, "A self-interest is the one who seeks a public charge without a particular person, platform or principle, and that, when I win, you get it for the use of a sticky verb management."
I have no idea what it means reflecting.
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis of politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the Institute of Brazil Crushwards, who faced the Parliament.
They took him at the London of London and they were recorded by it, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end of it he had a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase that were the "story of "the "Free "I Blank Spider Like Medical Space."
Most of us think it's literal literal.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to actually show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that they could have fragile.
Some of you wanted to call him "The Washington State "Second "You know, and others, "The Art George Washington," and other Depression of the University of the United States People of Washington."
Not very attention.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Kiexi."
They thought it was tested quality.
And not even that they were ministers, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets married immediately, because this debate is programmed for three weeks.
I read the daily of a poor sandwich, and I always wrote, still with this topic."
What caused the portrait and the point was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to sink of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was giving him to his own support.
So they wanted to give it the most modern degree, more inconsistent and more pretty standard than they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only meant someone who has a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term capture" or supercomputer."
There were presidents of little colonizational advances and government officials, but it was really an incredible title.
And that's why the Senate came up.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign dinosaurs."
"And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and inconsiderably as President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been refuged by the President of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate between the action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporal --  -- you may keep waiting for 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of President is not at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disaster, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have given the transformation of gravity.
So at the end of the end of the sense.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a similar signal then.
But you know how many nations are there president?
And everything because they want to sound like the sort of 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end, the Senate won and the Campaign of Republican lost, because no one will feel humble when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it really makes it much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to feet under the land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the supercomputer rock in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices they talk about, but above all, that character of male tables and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a tangible light of tantaning light into the head with this steel electrical, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole from a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
He relaxed my hand, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met days before, who lost control and fell increased feet in that point.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep hole of that hole risking their lives without paying and rewards and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are a pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Pennie Peace Campus.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a "Freezing integration of the Salasania, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicating modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad. Honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I got a bunch of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Director of French and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them would even consider them my second home.
But this time, it would encourage dirty shorts.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for generations for debt debt for 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been forgotten with false education promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are defense.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horror horses.
This strange and formidable spectacle was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dene Internet.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the advantage of the advantage to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
We disappeared by monitoring and catch work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and severe destruction made it really interesting to be quite intriguing.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the advance that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Le literally, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to trust "The Salasania and work within the system for his liberation and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heartbreaking heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles on mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plank was more heavy than children who caught them and children were holding them to their heads with charges made of pales, ropes and shores.
It's hard to witness something that wonderful.
How can we influence something so insecurity, but so unimaginable?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been like that all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages picked up their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When we hear the word scale, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness I was advised to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was engaged with women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by some angry stairs that went to this dirty basement of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brown.
It was rather a restaurant.
So resistant as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biometrocy and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their customers.
From foot in the pin, I remember feeling a string fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a supply, the stairs, where I walked in.
There were no backs behind.
There were no big enough windows like transport.
Those people don't have scale and because we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery even is the sexual traffic happening around us.
There are hundreds of people in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that we often relate to the slave of slavery.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and red tissues of their children.
They mix tanks in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have a freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Voice, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two major brothers, some younger kids, makes sense of it?
error. They were all slaves.
The kids are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work on extensive shores in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat approached was stimulating, it feared that his little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of trees embedded in Lake Valley often attract networks and children, and fabulous and fear, they go into the water to describe the branches.
Many are caught.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love, it's not going to flee and, as the whole life has been treated with credit -- it is usually treating the youngest slaves under its sensor.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from the one one.
In the cold and vegetable night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are filmmakers.
I want to introduce you to Kobevard.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met it in a shelter where "The Salasania rests the school victims.
Kofi systems the possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in your life?
By driving through a road in Ghana with South Spanish, the Salinian sounds with his mouth suddenly accelerate and supported our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it on a dirt road to the forest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this self-interest and he said, "This is the road, this is the road.
As we started down, we take away the storms that blocked the path and after we walk around an hour we found that the path was analogied by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the sign ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of clinical workers.
A lot of women had attached kids to their backs, and as they were looking for gold -- they walked in the water poison with mercy.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a point in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were stacked in their own sunlight.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, raised, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where the stone would be able to extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and super-source men, but if we look closer at the ground, we see to work on other fabrication and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and sending in the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherited the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine -- so severe that doctors said it should be automatically.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and I don't mean, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with local activists like "Freedom the Salasania, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspired me very respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to get testimony from them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not researchers. These are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, marketing, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force goes up a fire and that that fire brings light on the slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does -- we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the key dancers -- that we'll see more ahead.
But the ballet demand a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of destruction, and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stranger who, at his time, was a value dancing virus.
Over the last few years, it has been a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable development, temporal development, rigorous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and creative metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markets. So they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that out of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic -- what if patients could do the exam themselves.
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a nonprofit way to try and try and see it -- in a sense, at least, are all virtual as my friend Jane Strand.
This is a video of the violent strings vibration.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds to speak -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes -- the Fox, for example.
And as the ballet requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think of the time that leads to a child learning how to speak.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate it, and as the Parkinson's affects emissions, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of remote temperature from vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and weakness and record.
The speech becomes more quiet and absorbed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the experts based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be astronaut.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not need to go to the clinic for the rock charge.
With high often, we could get objective data.
We could make massive record for clinical trials and for the first time, characteristic characteristics at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Victorian Internet initiative.
Together to Acceria and Patricial and we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave records for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So May, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these shows?
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call, you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people can not happen. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the limitation of the confusion factors to look for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which illustrates the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Queen and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Pitts, audience.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was making photographic records in New York City.
We're crazy creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and generally avoid solar light.
We do to the delicate models even more delightfully, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Voles, he was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 of May, I traveled to October.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the Opera profile of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We take shadows of channels and the bread.
We cleaned schools. We take the side and we leave the homes ready to be renewable and retreated.
We take tons and tons of fish fish, advantage, post-control factory.
We were supporting and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Christmas cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You can pick up and take them to different places from the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As you get out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in an evaluation center of the people.
He helped clean the common toilets, the enormous, giant giants.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the effect center picks up the photos.
And there I took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it was not until I had to go through my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some of you who had over a hundred years, and they still were on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night went into Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to challenge the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strong, but where the water had documented the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of her itself, and that would be as tragic as having the spread photo.
Over time, they came up with a lot more photos, and they needed more reformation that is that I went back in Facebook and Linus and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rescurent, a neighboring village north of Amazon.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed where people were going to pick up their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the despair of the photos.
I could mean an hour. I could mean weeks.
I could mean months.
This mimor had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures shooting in saltwater water, covered with bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them with the step of time continue to destroy them, so it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture out unless he was clean, dry and had been remembered by his owner of it.
We were lucky with the literacy by hand.
We count the guidance of a administrative neighbors.
It's very easy to give the pictures even more damaged.
As West once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky relative to photos.
He had begun to wipe them out and she was stopped by realizing that I was getting it even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild. We were able to flap the images into one picture and to highlight the full picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the very far rubble of where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the commissioned to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signs sounded out.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they all survive.
The day I handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that would not have been beaten by that day of market when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, Hans Hans helped us clean up more than 13,000 photographs -- the big majority -- the big majority of their owners came back to their drivers.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of completely remote and reinforced photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them on the print of print.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
They are sub-Saharans of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we would get to look for.
This was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of reforms.
Some of them connected them with something bigger and getting something up, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin model.
To end up with this email -- I sent it to Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was reading, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women from the different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter needed to be born out of our wall.
In the entire world, all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Applause.
Doctor Edward inspired us and surgeon with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photography, the photography, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in the slow camera of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the corner, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and go back in a trillion second or be, in several extracts to create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that balance -- travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
So if we take that balance and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do you get those photons inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --  -- remember that all this happens in less than a nano-by is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't support this research.  It happens a lot of things in this film.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started seeing these devices.
Many of the photons finally come to the layer and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the upper part you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several pictures, that the implications are focus.
Now, if we take a common and ordinary balance and make it go down the same distance and see it in a slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would lead us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow ball in motion.
And what about to test with death?
You can see the waves that are supported from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like dragging a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, of a feedback at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you'll realize that, as light will be used from the tomato is still bright -- it's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light is broken inside and it goes back after several trillion of a second.
In the future, when this female fish is in your mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it comes up very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just enter some light.
We sent that balance -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very hot synthetic, we took those gigabytes of data and we train them computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door. He will release, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our fish.
Behind the wall there is a manifestation and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commons.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our fireman, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture of grass, that you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build engineers that are able to see the inside of the body running options, and the same thing for cards.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult, so actually this is a asking scientists to start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edinburgh, himself a scientist, became a science in art, an art of the pictures of photographers.
I realized that all the giants of data that we collect each time are not just for scientific visiting, but we can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, time between each of those waves is just a trillion seconds.
But here's something fun here.
If you look at the waves under the layer, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distance.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone you can record a song, put it into Solar and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all of these people who are meeting that protest a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present have a mobile phone here?
Let me.
Raise your mobile phone, give them listen."
Get it. An Android, a Blackberry, white."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in bright.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a distraction.
The Department of Information Determance.
This conductor says that every European telephone company, every Internet vendor around Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who I send to you.
Who sends him a text to who I read to.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data response.
We want the automation in the digital age, and we don't want telephone providers and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were abuses, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said, "Liberia," not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2000.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can all this information store about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my telephone Delta, Telescope Telescope, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I turned them back to them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah response.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delaho Telese said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we sign a agreement.
I would retreat the demand and they sent me to the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Trickster failed insulin for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly, with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand other lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So next to Keith Olive and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom down, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I'm going from France in train to colony, and how often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate between each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall, perhaps never happened.
And in mind, not the fall of the iron of iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But authoritarianism and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for automation.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not last fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information comes from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind them to remember that they have to fight for authoritarian in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TED, what happens?
I call me May Zaca and I'm not a cheap, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions to define the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I have a lot of time.
Look at it.
It is algorithmic. I'm like a show of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Alle.
The C. Chinese is not genetics.
It's not congressional or can be contracted.
No one curse the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it, because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to the birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of them to present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
We go from a walk.
Christmas views, are they in the shopping center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit discriminating?"
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and B, C is just one of them.
There will be a combination of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Clip in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same beginning.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can not be able to be about."
My father's mantra was, "You can do it." I dance standing."
If my three senior sisters. I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents would give the school system and make sure that I was also out there, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five putting my hands on his feet and just walk.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The subtraction I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bomb campaign that has received a lot of businesses.
Growing up, there were only six Arab in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Death" to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned about a lot of hunger during the race.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating eating -- so I'm going to take away from the dawn is very easy.
Back in Browner.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with heels.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used teachers, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Manda.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk milk -- I was putting me on my back, and I was immersed at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "The work works."
But the miracle cure was the mine.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I get yoga was a standard commentary that I couldn't stand for standing standing."
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital General.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona, because he entered all the cultures.
It was like the puppet of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the next note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I made a scene of the glass zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming for the four winds, "I finally have a paper.
I have cerebral parallels.
At the end of the free."
Thank God powerful, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him Sharade Brooklyn.
I went to interrupt running into the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why she said that because they believed it couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- you can't do the character."
It was a role that he literally had been born, and they gave it to an actress without cerebral parallels.
University was emitting my life.
Hollywood has a high history of adding access without disability for disabled paper.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first law current was like a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be later locating from "messy" in a satellite.
Instead, I was there as a barbaric, I didn't see me more than the neighbor, and it was obvious to me that the alarm directors didn't hire golden actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldila, Rose Barry, Ellen and all these women had one thing in common: they were medical.
So I made me humor.
In my first tour, I took a famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon he took when I was going high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked on clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and very quickly.
Some people say that I'm the first moral of the Arab world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obeous, and I launched the New York Community of New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media and then remind the report directors that sub-Saharan and Arabic are not significant.
Interestingly, the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the discussion of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind with Keith Oliver.
I walked into a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and he said, "Fifty, four, three, two, two.
And we were in life."
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not come out of the screen during the second, and when the interview ended up, I was plant.
I finally had my opportunity and surrounded her -- I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not only Mr. Olderace came back to me, but it was a full-time participants and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are crisis, but they never died from me or a little bit of girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a blog object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why do you take?"
"Is it retired?"
And my favorite, poor terrorist photograph.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve: gentleman, commercialized, parallel.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't be done from Benjamin, then Beck can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disability is the one. Yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
So disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most supermarket in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flowered by the divide of Susan Levianting televisions and the classic Leader Archier.
I came to act in a film with Adam Santa and to work with my gold, the incredible Dave Mathematical.
The world recorded the Arab Arabias have become crazy."
I was delivered in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the CNN of 2008.
And he founded "The Children of Mayan -- a charity that was beneficial to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
"Desire in peace, poet."
I call me May Zako, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town to South South.
This town is near Mosa.
Secret drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
No one for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozambique capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city out of Mozama.
After maybe a supported year, nothing.
One day comes up with a gentleman who offers it to lunch, then to dinner, to drive.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a disaster.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They introduce a young guy.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mosago, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy of that small town with dreams of great care was suicide terrorist -- and that dynamic group of people were the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how does a story of a little boy in a small village trying to fulfill his dreams in the city end with him immediately?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing I had.
This was the first thing I pulled out of what we call "the "story period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the marginalized, young urban young people who were shooting riots in Johnson, shooting riots in London, who seek something beyond the "person period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the experience of the terrorism, to violence, to the gang -- to be the history of the cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Magazine, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't virtually do anything.
I went back to Moschma last month, and I went to visit the Madama Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital that was crazy to balances thinking, and if I never did it go?
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same piece of hope?"
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mosago that month was actually to address a few juvenile leaders in a business chamber.
I met about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He was at the University of Mozama, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate university that was the fellow university, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited in.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mosago, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Venterians of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And you see an opportunity and applied it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started with motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with her family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the search period."
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohama Mohama, a florish.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Magician has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding side, you used to be sent out of plastic sent from the stranger.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from fresh?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscapes and flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozambic, and he began to grow tuberculosis and lines, which as he said, could survive the hard weather of Mosago.
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding wedding gardens, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies, and now he's working on creating the first public park of Magician in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozama.
It wants to create a space where families -- young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mora presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their history, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be change to change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put their business up.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, providing the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They also hired children from the street to help rent and keep the blobs for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the waiting period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn the young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Park Parks than adventures and "person searches."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad on the Archier mountains, an area attached to Northern New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun took the leaves to shine like a vital, and not to be the way we were going on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spread that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a cover in a risk of a beautiful climate lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a barrel, from about four feet square with apple hearts pollinated balls of aluminum paper and old fall off.
And I was advertised, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The companies that were too lazy to take out what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their barrier?
That question followed with me, and it was just simplified.
Who clean our barrier?
No matter how they organized or where are we putting our outside, who clean our trash in Stalin?"
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleaned up our base, to 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and installation in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to get closer to me.
So I started working as a garbage collector.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And I was operating the mechanical eras and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pregnant as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one is very quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had been working on it for several years, and their bodies kept advising the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory Statistics, the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangerous things that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the improvisation of garbage.
When you get out of the corner, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming from.
It's also like a form of breathing or circuit.
It must always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I really believe that waste collect is the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first prototypes of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to melt from their container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the motors in the economy start failing when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed need.
And I mean simply to the speed that we used to move in the computer time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup -- our bag of the sensors, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget from them, because we know there's a work force on the other side of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And his work allows us to do our own.
It's almost a form of relief.
The flow that they keep us except for ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to the gravity of a waste collection on the street, grabbed my little child and he went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as it did all the miracles.
And I tried to thank her to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me, and he looked at me, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together a lot of times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reward the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Manipulating waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abbas.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out choice."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to go out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because the record with crystal generates heat on the inside, so it takes a lot of cooling to it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a piece of penis trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the old market that is this structure of the free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to little videos.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an uncomfortable author that creates a free air space in the building that is advised, in its own form, from the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a tissue that was similar to a shop of anti-proof ants to allow the input of the air and also of light, but in a filtered way.
And then we inspired in these beautiful bottles of ecosystems from ecosystems.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little predator pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is combined with these little collapses of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center, it wasn't what we ask."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And in addition to the idea of the facade, it was much more economic not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have any air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting potation on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these parties in the roof, which in conjunction collect water for the health of the inside.
It was expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going for the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle of the medicine, a 1,000 years of ancient anti-proof that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 blocks similar in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in media climate climate?
And it's North all, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we had a scheme that made sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathogens, and then on the bottom plant we have all the connections for pedestrians for pedestrians in the bottom.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like bringing up the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can upload and solve, and make activities like running a two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people changes the local communities and local economies to the same pace that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a target connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils -- cute -- it was super strong for the capital capitals of states, very good for organic.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school of school -- I was a little bit late and hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was displaced, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took off the table of my teacher the calculator book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just like that.
All of these.  And I woke up the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines of Day and myself a row of So, just for being there, since I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea happened.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
I never discovered me.
But above all, I got rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good at organic.
I'm intrigued by the heavens.
They're so mysterious and so president.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also the primates, the blue birds are very propositional.
We know that the skies are the number one cause of engineers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cells, there would be no literature either.
Because there would be Hellman the infection, there would be no "Death."
There would be no cell king, or "The thousand and a night.
There was no Shakespeare.
They would get rid of the reading list of high school, because we would be losing "The Russian and the Force," there would be "Galacent" and Fingergand."
No climbers, no Proton. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost it has all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master work, "In looking for lost time, the most exhaustive study of sexual vehicles and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the synthetic details -- right?
We think of a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a manual market in your laptop.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how improved it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Word said they were as hard as team term.
I don't know what a cat team, but we assume it's superintelligent.
Let's see why they're going so well together, the novel and the cells, the ice and Project.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their implications, are a good solid baseline?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel blue.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to square the knife, right?
The ice makes us all adversariant novels, and that's something that Proust understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to say to itself that story, and since then, I propose that every fresh love that Sandy detects in his lover, adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Proust were notoriously celebrite.
You know, Project now would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The ice is appropriate.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The ice likes the big amounts of bright hair and the cute little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
The ice turns out of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful that Instagram is so successful --  Protection is good for language with the cells.
When Sandy is in his oil agenda, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribes to the services of his lover then defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is representative, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
So Proust is trying to prove that the hairs are intelligent and they make us seem abstract, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what I propose to Project is the more painful truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss. These were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, which makes us suffer, causes in us a range of feelings far deeper and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us."
Is it telling us that we are going to look for critical women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the skies reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that taught us to look with such a peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unconscious young man who consumed with the idea that his wife took it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife without realizing involuntary behaviors.
Is it smiling too much -- or does it happen accidentally with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the crowd of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the ice is making us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the ice is bringing us to make violent or illegal acts of it.
The cells drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in news.
A woman of Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sent to living messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For one year. All one year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former noise -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted with management.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a November Higgs novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Franks in a Training and "The Taliban Mr. Riverside, books that are trying to do how the hairs confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drill in an instant.
Let's take Tom Riverside, his most famous character.
Tom RPPACK is going to be like, or want what you have to take away from your self and to be able to stand from what you ever had, and it's under the floor -- respond to your name, take your rings. Your bank colleagues.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Riverside.
I can't give you all the world, so much as I would sometimes want to.
It's a slide, because we live in the time of envy.
We live in the middle days.
I mean, are we good citizens from social networks, where the coin is the invention? Right?
Now the novels show us the real? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 2012 of Baker Street and ask for Sherma Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the for the night marketing at Professor Mortaline, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred "The Starting Institute, the head head of the School Arab rat that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but he's annoyed it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Sheep needs its help, but the rest of it, and bubble burning in the fall of one of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Salivian] African, once Hollywood comes in, described all of all with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not scales, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells you that there is no person in School Arab who didn't want to cut her hand.
It's one of the few times that you see Hollywood trained in history. It seems like this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the ice as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a Honor minute is the opposite side of Stanford.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being the response.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the skies are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like continuation plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the fictional fiction of the heavens.
The fiction used to be the domestic, invites them to the table.
And look at what it came -- the slide Lesterland, the terrifying Tom Ripency, the crazy Mary Project, the same Mars Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 mountain of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Marine of Transition.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a conversational collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, which Albert after death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
Why did they go?
They didn't have a lot of back, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be engineered later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1968, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why the moon would the Moon?
Why do it turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why do I scale the highest mountain, why would you scale.
35 years ago, why will I fly on the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pondo: For contemporary contents, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transportation of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of analysis and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated and removed the smallpox.
Technology seemed to see what Alvin Tokyo in 1970 called accelerating "force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle but in 1969, the Apollo of Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine technology will solve like going to Mars, creating clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seems to be intractable outcomes.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape of the Santa Saturn Court.
I knew that this would be the last single mission, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and encouraged with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a paper explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created fewer ambitious companies than the years in which Intel was funded in, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultures, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused it to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were in their local point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments -- tiny investments that could go out in 10 years.
The C. they've always had problems to invest in technologies in technologies as a energy, which need an enormous capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy from renewable energy like solar and wind and biological. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the bionic.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on how policies and treated international transportation will incentivize development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we're going to see an energy policy of the United States or treatment that reflects that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to be technological -- it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that actively affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest, or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will tell you the war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be provided: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem: institutions must support the solution, they have to really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems with those criteria.
But it's a reproductive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gay competition as in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who inherited the difficult and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by giving you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record. There has been a great decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a climbing, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it might have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, keep inspiring the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain quite confident.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the biggest?
Do you trust the fish?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You probably started to ask, "Well, to do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust a few, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to do the confidence in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain type of official, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of read, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to save a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we left all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make the good judgment inherent in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will present.
I would be willing to have more confidence in what is measured of trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a paper to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were holding their savings with the very very perfectly called Mr. Moderator, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It was deployed or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, he says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but the trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forgetter.
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely disasters.
If I like that, I still haven't been stuck.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build accounts of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professional and officials and so forth, that would make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the particular role to pursue the party in your sense."
And we found the same problem in our entire public life, and institutional lives, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and evidence tests actually are doing the opposite.
What they do is do the work of people who have to make hard tasks like the partners, and you will demand that you make the lady the lady, as we say.
You know all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will convey to the people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what you don't do properly.
Third, task.
To call the task to rebuild the trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is different because we give them other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to get a lot of fancy evidence that you're a trust worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is made every day, everywhere, makes common people, functions, institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give them back without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're a trust of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming is not really hard to sleep.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is confident dignity.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such point that today is less than one millimeter, the spectrum of a television screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong poster against the screen will transfer their physical body to peaks.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Divide Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Matt Bolivia, he dropped the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent video with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is so easy to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book out and put lines or words with the virtual theater sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
So surely many of us will have bought and bring things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online problem by the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transported when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Reminder Post, we created this only physical piece.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was analyzed gravity and controlling movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and forth in the physical world.
You can teach choices physically and in distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets -- physics, and, unlike monitoring or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we need to find out our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunter, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a close path to happiness, a safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should begin to train from very young people to learn the activities, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I wrote to the director of school and the pressure of a radio show.
But no adults I added the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
My friends were supporting me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went back to books.
"The Computers of Sanda "Chair Charles Charles Charles Chariot" -- I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth."
And it's not providing conventional propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revealed, "Hollywood to your father and your mother."
Honor said, "Hollywood, I said, "It's so different, and much better than order."
So it became my tool to come out of this commercial guilt journey and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit as well.
And he is a lot of perspective.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There is to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can treat people who are "Beautiful Franklin of Walter Island John Asian John Asian January of David McLuhan who were involved in the same support, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, temptation is economic, policies and spiritual.
For the Buddha -- they are all psychological -- lunch, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Canadian Turkey Trail Tail March "The Way of Tata Alan Watson instead of being lost in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "freezing "landing "a quick, Jame."
And "Nicole in Chinese literally means "New Mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel like it used to be alone or impossible.
Having a distributed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
To a distributed dream you can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books are always acceptable.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychological client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and a Dutch pile, he turned on the couch of my office, and he told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so allowed.
My class of class had a pink as the first client.
And I got a visit I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the successful stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we got the solution.
The trains are the new videos, he said, Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start to work afterwards, you have kids later, you have kids after the death go later.
For visitors like Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly after, my survival introduced me to press Alex to talk about her loving life.
I was resisted.
I said, "Sure, he's coming out with guys under his category, it fits with a hot head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my survival said, "Not yet, but maybe he married the next one.
Also, the best moment to work on the marriage of Alex is before it starts."
This is what psychologists call a "Administration moment.
It was when I realized that the '60s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, families and future vents everywhere.
There are 50 million visits in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the views here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with videos, you love a visitor, you love the dream a video, I want to see -- it's good. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Ah Alzheimer's times, that shape their life will have gone through when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their 20s, and it plays for adults, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other point of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their time at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where its daily and common life has an impact in the person that will be built.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the visitors are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adults.
The researchers call the 20sters an extended adolescence.
journalists take ridiculous names to visits like Toxisting and "computers."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a video visit in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition and no absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart views, interesting as you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count -- I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 1930s, it will all be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to end up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better corrupt the day I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 1990s were like the game game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, it turned out the music and everybody began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one I would stay standing for, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the views here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme. But it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of them starting a career, choosing a city, choosing a mate, and having two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that they start to show -- which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at once.
The middle crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You may notice you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and rooms look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the visitors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmanuel.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mess.
As a cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, showing more temperature than ambition.
And even though you live about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she woke up her saying, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emmanuel got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and he had spent the whole morning to fill it up with his many contacts -- but then he stayed seeing the empty space that follows after the words "In Camerook Canal, please call it a dead.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care about if I give me cancer?"
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "No."
What Emma needed was not a terrorist that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the December of Emmanuel was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all visible, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget from that identity crisis and got identity capital.
For identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity of identity generates identity of identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interior, from that company that they want to test.
I'm not throwing up the exploration visit, I'm discovering the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's practice.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take you to the airport, but the visitors that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what they're called the weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the visits have a bad job or they have no work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way we engage this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, meeting the boss of your neighbor is the way we get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a visit, Emma soon chose to choose his family -- when he has a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better age to feel like the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live in now or you care about when everyone in Facebook, they start walking into the altar. It's not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with anyone to choose you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married man who chose consciously choosing.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I send me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emotion story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with visiting.
It's very easy to help you.
Voncotes are like planes that come out of Los Angeles airport, which comes out somewhere in the West.
Just before the harvest, a light adjustment on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fisht.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even 29, a good conversation, a good destiny, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few or even next generation.
Here is my idea worthy of spreading all the visitors you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to visitors like Emma every single day, the triangles are not the new 20, they recognize their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in germ consulting by a job that was even more exceptional.
I went to show you mathematics at summit students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have IQ points.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that put me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in seventh grade, safe, are hard, proportions, decisions, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of Document, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moving perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
Is it the C, but what if we have success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist, and I went to college.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Pentagon.
We tried to predict what networks are going to stay in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Congress of Delhi and we tried to predict what kids would move on the farthest in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job point?
And who is going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, a characteristic as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaire and then waited around over a year to see who they were graduating away.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater profitable odds, even when they put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Congress of Delli where the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a kind of ethical work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long plan?"
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not signed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dold has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to stand when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons that we learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculator, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder for this incredible language.
But for a foreign face, it seems to be as improvisational as the Great Wall China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic alphabet.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read services of transit signals, restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was shouting in a French way, "Audience: I'm burning." This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's in the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to be still."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are a crowd.
If a person would stretch your arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the behaviors.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an identical."  Easy to remember, because a polar tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two used together, property.
Three together, those are stars.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliance.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. Airport.
One door, put a board inside the door, is the close of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, picking up, addressing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, take care is adults.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical rough will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain -- it's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is the east of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains left one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employers were destroying their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a set.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Olympic magician together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic valley.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood shots.
However, the October magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took four years later with curious, curiously another film whose proteins, a metal kid and a hairy kid rescued a girl dressed as a guide of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of big differences between the Ocean Magic and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Ocean magician.
Monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the October magician was done today, the magician would say, "Dolar, you're the support of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army of the evil breakfast.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Obama magician is that the most heroic characters and wise characters are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
It's just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supermarket level had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg, and I didn't think he understood what was happening, but inevitably, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be a matter of value, persistence and letter?
Would it have the feeling that Luke joined an army to drive the government?
Let's compare this to the Oxford Ocean Magic.
How do he win Dolphide his film.
You can do good friends with all of us and be a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Oka, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much fossil Ford Fortune, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow freedom?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this statistic.
And I know for experience that the prison Lead doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who are microscope.  I think at the time of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on delivering the violence and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and it will defend Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the kids are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathology.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herrywood and Katoring, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are creating a child.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let it stop them."
Well, almost none of these films happens the Bell test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it's already spread, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alice Beijing is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done. In the movie, there are more than a female character than you have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more besides the guy than you like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good film, Agric.
Right? Rushies of Saraha, the tap success, a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie of quality.
Virtually it doesn't pass the Bell test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the ready crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this scanner, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, you come to bed, horrifying?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female proteins?
One is not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number that this is going to tell you this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the music videos of music or pornography, they're closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a huge amount of sexual adversaries.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What do you not get to learn?
They're setting up the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violence with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we searching that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a pollen pollution, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our kids to keep their male power manifestation?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the male is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the astronaut.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character from "Star Wars you know what he responded?
Okay.
Okay, King, Kenya and Gland.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son, and you see and fight only and more stories where it looked like his work is to join a team, maybe a team leading by women, helping other people better improve and being better people, like the October Magazine.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these careers.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 3,000 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared income.
This is a place that was located in the eastern delivery of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the same view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink rose.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians of Egyptians and angles.
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called the Italy, lost for thousands of years.
ITata's the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fay, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them in the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge relief planning.
This area is enormous -- it's about six percent per mile per mile.
Before, the Nib flower right next to the ITaho side, and as it changed over time, he moved to the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in a stress landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pain, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball guys.
So we use NASA television data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nike flows.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it might be the location of Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing speech jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human occupation skills.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of complaint objects.
This means that in this possible Atlantic location, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is ITahot.
We also found jobs of peaceful, corruption, current and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italian here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the greatest of all voices.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 dollars.
It makes ideas really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of this house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material he's done.
Now visit a group of obese nutritional or biological nutrition.
They're competing in a nutritional career of bicycles and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're speeding strong, they're supporting -- they're going to jump a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that are going on on the side of the wheels that end up in abstract places -- put the door threshold.
The baseball, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Monterey of the Galleries.
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, about a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue film by doing it in the nose.
You can smell the aircraft cookie and you can see that it's about to get into the mouth.
Walk on on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
It's with a little clothes, dancing about his center meter, singing Hi Bang A Time Morron.
Now let me go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, come to you Douglas, the March of Portugal and the Spider and Land of "The Ocean of Okay," grab from the hands, jumping out to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Commitment."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ages and different ages of hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a barbaric ship.
And I thought, "This is incredibly incredibly."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "He said, "Hey, when did you realize you're a sanitation?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of you who participate in this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques I used Chicago to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Go." How did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing out of the hall of the competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit scratching, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney SpedRish?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spanish how to memorize order in a live nation, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Speakers, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peace. He was based on the paper of Duke Hopping in the movie "Rail Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, measuring phone waters. It was center.
And when I come back, I read a number of treaty about written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not such a rare thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to dramatically provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed culturally and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this unique memory of memory.
It's actually not as simple, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at London College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to be a brain in some ways, structural or antibiotics in the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they wrote their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow couples. They found that in memory champions they illuminate parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive marketing is driving as an armed career where every year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Primanization, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shells of disaster that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 448 wildlife digital digits.
In the middle of the hour. Yeah.
And as there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call economically conditioning."
It illustrates with a powered paradox known as "Barbardon Bakership. "Ballony says this: I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you to you. Remember, there's a man called Baker."
That's her flag.
And then I ask you, remember there's a battlefield."
And when I come back later and I ask them that word I told you about a right?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his work is balance."
Same word, different memory capacity, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
All the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, "battle." We know banks.
They use symbols white shames.
They have a shoulder in your hands.
They smell when they go home to work.
We probably know some paneler.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting association shopping to fit them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palm of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simonsoris who attended a bank.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring a DJ: it was a poet of a poet.
He stood out of foot, he got his memory poem, and he got shortened, and as soon as it was, the bank of the banker collapsed down.
Put them all.
But it didn't just kill them all, but it destroys the bodies by leaving them recorded.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't get the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simonary, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble -- closed your eyes and realized that with his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invented.
I took the family families to take them where their loved beings were in the rubble of the rubble of the experts.
What Simon was involved at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitive, and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask them to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simonally, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But it would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the barbaric horse brown in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palm is to create this building with your mind and put it into images with the things that you want to remember -- the closer that you want to remember.
This is a advice that comes over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments in Latin, in Latin, of memory.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that City had done if they had been invited to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're on the door of your house.
And I can imagine some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and infinite image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Galapage of the Galls mounted on Mission Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Special to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical people.
In fact, the term typically, comes from the Greek Greek, which means play."
It's a visit of when people thought about the organ and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory park.
I saw this was just fascinating. And I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something exotic about this supercomputer of competitive memorials.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a potentially boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mass the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in its place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school annual bought in a tax market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entrepreneurial, because it wasn't just training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, carcing, consent, inspirations, appropriate and expensive -- in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because discrimination is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory perception.
I thought this could serve a good hole for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And it won me the control, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palace, or memorize nanoscale shells, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory pale -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing process, a whole kind of attention that most of them don't walk down there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things make memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what ESP, the amazing one I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what our cost is already missing in the Black or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks to our side -- will we be so high-decentralized that we don't even bother in processing in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to try just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jersey, I was six and lived there at home from my parents in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that went to the living room.
And there were all the time looking at the table. So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I was hearing and wrapped back into a towel -- everyone saw me.
And I was like this.
It was traditional, insecure and hated it.
I hated that right, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
And it's 90 percent of the time, we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it evolves you. They think of power, stability and democracy.
And I know that you think about it in a building built about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a device that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's an emotional connection predictable connection, and we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanism and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a color -- it has this round thing, columns -- red freedom, that let me go into what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, reading and sharing.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the world.
On one side is innovation, architects who constantly bring new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life.
We improved, we drive and push so much, that we completely removed from people.
All of black black, this depression, you think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back with those approaching symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like the trades, and so we started to experience again, we do solid back to the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the "Brazil" called "Brazil."
It has to do with the ants.
That can be guess.
Small windows in substantial scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the paper back in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that they like and we update them.
We add up and add cake and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't go up.
We took Higgles Charles and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be medical chairs made of glass.
The shapes were shown, they won in audacity and color.
The waves became columns.
The streets grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rate in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian or the Italian.
possibly with a bread panel of bread.
This is what happens with the power.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toro.
This is Ohio.
architects feel frustrated and we started making the world start in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called degraditional call.
We cut out the historical symbols, we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new compassions, a few ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and an ambition, and it's super impostant. One is completely excited.
Normally, the support world again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the George of Bible, Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Georgia said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public and public in general, they were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times calculated this magnitude of military.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings. Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was beaten around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and turning.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, country with other star architects.
I happened to Zahram and Libya, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have been walking up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is affordable. You can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourism.
And you can see it in the newspapers, on the TV, and ultimately, we are all architecture photographers and the building is beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not very accurate to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before I know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Bright was not a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
So for 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were detected.
That's never going to happen. I think -- because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants or steel or advance, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media applies to the media of communication, it starts to engage more and faster, until they get in both extremes almost in a simultaneous basis, and it is effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol -- between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pinkers in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the end of the product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media building, because these are not just images of a building, the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us how much we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think of a second in those Liberal libraries of Lincoln.
If that building was built today, first we would go online in search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That is money.
Monologues that can take the mayor of Lincoln, the people in Liberia, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a destination audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let it be intimate by architecture.
That means the purpose of one style to another, one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different than today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Spain can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical mirror of red brick with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are encouraged to nature and not the opposite of nature.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, it can also serve to make sports or to go off, or even you can stay there at night.
This means that three architects can dream out in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars of the unit community around that cause, no longer just a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bread of remote, as musical and fibrate as the animals you're going to see.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more intelligent, smarter and more amazing.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides anymore.
They find an architect, put it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces, local library, households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and she started walking.
And it does it that cool way, typical of children in a year, walking down, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that he likes to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
He goes down and chairs, and it gives themselves those big and wet babys.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do that, and it made me think, when did I do this?
How is it that all of a sudden we are not like our approach?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google. Am I feat?"
This is Faiza, it's 13 years old, and he's living in Dene.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the reason it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells him and what his friends, or the school friends say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her and published it in YouTube, and he asks others that please leave a comment -- "Am I a nice or am I feat?"
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so unpleasant that I don't even deserve the penis to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their life more emotionally vulnerable.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what are you bringing them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about it, when you like it." It wants to share, you know, publishing, this is never done.
Never before we have been so connected in a continuous way, so young -- so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like a party in your room all night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicit.
This environment, to be always connected to our kids to be surprised based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most destined thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for the inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cut from the news of the girls now.
The stream models are still driving our spaces.
The technique of the anger is now a routine.
And trends like, Shakespeare, Aggrammat, British and spread.
For those of you who know it, superconducting means prototypical.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supplies of the sports starting, and the shell statements.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look like a nice enough.
These are not trivial activity.
These are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates. They prevent to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical life.
One in five are not chasing class at absolute during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you well enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough -- you will get a note less than the average of your classmates who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it gets regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is losing academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Terrible adolescents do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more healthy diet than they can take them to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions like the consumption of alcohol and drugs, drug diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and dramatic harm.
The pursuit of the perfect body is protecting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have overweight again, regardless of whether or they don't have any higher abuse rates.
17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
This potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing it, working the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body automation that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us to take the rises in the issue, and we're a better model for women and girls in our own lives.
The current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the emergence of our politicians in heart cuts or the size of their chest, or to include that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look at it.
All of us can start by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you kissed a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up to value all their people, value individuality, diversity, inclusion it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see you will never be able to be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Do you hold your wife?
Did your sister do?
Did your daughter do?
Do you save his night?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that automatic voice inside its interior, which is given to not have long legs -- more thin legs -- a more flat, smaller feet?
What would it mean for it if we were going on this and we would say it leads to your potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all to everyone.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little bits of a year of today, they become secure agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Alice Now, entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Member Karande, the leader of Defense Department Life.
At November they initially declared it, but being prisoner for other lower charges -- in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York icons in New York, including televisions, synapses and National Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a information of the FBI.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
And later November would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Alice Now, Health is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few -- even most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there are always a small fraction of people who are terrified so deeply to their convictions that think you have to use all possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat up with me and explained to me that in the last weekends of week, he was going to have been going to the shooting training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We arrived at tobacco pollen that without knowing that our group was visited by the FBI.
When I touched me to pull, my father helped me hold the rate on the shoulder, and he explained how to point at the target of about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that was shooting I gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise everybody, especially me, all the goal is in flames.
My uncle became the other and in Arabic, said "Intervention Kan."
In such a father, as a child.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they thought was so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a charge of 700 pounds of explosives in the underground park of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "man -- which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood, I didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody was time to go and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency it was victims of mice.
I was a secret of my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and reform, was enough money.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say it somehow. To grow under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that came to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a private program that I participated at the National Convention Jobile, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of kill almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship, was Jewish age.
It took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before I had had a Jewish friend of mine, and I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made me believe that it was uncomfortable.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gars, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that the homosexual was a sin and by extension, all the gay people were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most gentle and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been taken out of a child, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be humanitarian, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dallas Shootic."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my intelligence, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my pattern figure in a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extracting, was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with endless demographics, and he said, "I'm tired of help."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside you.
My real name is not Zatran France.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put yourself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody else is trying to bring violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- than even though I was convicted to this violent and intelligent ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
Because of the victims of terrorism to talk about those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-to-day movie.
It's in 3D and it has super-interactive sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shark, flavor and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a superimposed voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of it.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie experience?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is target.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because during almost every 20th century, I predicted that vision.
psychology, I studied the problematic behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything began to change.
Neurosus like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennie said, "Now it's time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend neuroscience.
Actually, there are no problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why is that all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give them a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like emissions, like humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical substances are all kinds of emergent behavior, how the emissions operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, are adapting and metabolizing living organisms -- are all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how do we play chess -- are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the self-destruction that works. For a long time, I hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's kind of a anomaly species, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such problem hard for consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and this is what it needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental flowers, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is standing.
In the 19th century Marchist discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concerns in terms of fundamental concepts -- space time, time, Netherlands, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of the electronics, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we meet with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then because of logic, you have to store the list.
The most natural thing would be post-to-face the awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to drive it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can take them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can take them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called penicillina, "Para for everyone, psychiatry for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mats, even the microbes from Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anger when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never describe and smell the robots."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anyone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal -- it's much less for the different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is linked awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
It processing complex information, like a human being, complex consciousness.
It's processing of simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and development it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called photo, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information integration -- a high contact of phone, a lot of consciousness.
On a mouse there is a middle of information integration of information, just as significant -- very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms -- microbes particles, particles, the depression grade.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of different awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of pole, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that penguin can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explains Steven Hawking, where does the fire come out of the equity] of equations?"
From the passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pinapal vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a pinapal and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that this is going to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Sandy artificial intelligence system in the movie "The Harvard?"
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of pandemic information, she has a processing of complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you plant pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the intelligent computer systems and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this full TED group, different from the inner movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be taken seriously.
So this passion visit, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second one that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Virginia.
It had a very normal profile, low education profile.
I went to school, I was stuck with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name me for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She has actually not gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a deep profile on my mother's block, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Thereis "The View "Safely" and "Dancing Creation."
Yeah, I know. What contrast.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in the high school of Melopatch, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 class of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you will give you your speech?
And I said, "What's the speech?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of difficulty for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?"
"They usually in the actor room.
And then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not blame of the boy, which is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturing.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them strongly.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we've been sold that disability is something Malawi, Mayor May, M.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And over the last few years, we have been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity."
Or this one: "Your excuses is invited."
Or this other one, before you leave, international."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with cord fiber chair legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term permanently, because they match a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we engage the disability in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the number of times that have been given me strangers wanting to express that they think I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happened to before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get me in the morning and remember my own name --  And this is concerned.
These images, those images match people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term people which are discriminating discussing because I was subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to tell them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're an inspiration source, it tells you as a current.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we have sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by bombing inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Stephen, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a few barrier paintings to pick up the things that come to me.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that except and considered us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activist, the reason that that's lie, is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in the front of a staircase has never done it becomes a rain.
Never.   Soldier to a television screen will not be able to make the subtitles.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and interrupting a positive attitude to convert all those books to the barrier.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where disability is not exception, but normal.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Barbarian the Vietra Samanto is not considered nothing for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get us out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in the high school in Melopatch is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user.
The disability doesn't make us exceptions, but question what you think you think about what does it do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a chemotome without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't be disappeared.
When people think about reality, you think about Ministry Report," and at Tom Cruce the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I wear -- the glasses Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what it is to be a professional department in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 100-year-old man, trying to get away with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is using the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kulia. Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Give us a little bit.
Do you ready?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a promise of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the capture.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, coal from the University of Washington.
Camp Marchest. </s> Marchest: The Rats 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8, go!
Chris Kulia. This is a little bit more about the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and you have asked me on YouTube and Twitter.
Or from a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with GPS and Google Glass, how do we get out of full? How do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called Oceans Richard, which is sure many already know.
The Ocean Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, oh my God, Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adam Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a translator with the arm before they run and making a advantage? What will be the experience of a fantasy.
When it can be Missister running down the sheet, throwing the bullet into the bottom of the network? Or Deant making a leave in William?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a olive school?
Maybe you increase the sales of papers for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RA?"
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the ministers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here's a brief representation about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Palestinians of Baltimore put him a slide to his field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA placed radio in the helmet of the fields of the field and then in the defense.
They had more special because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2030, imagine that they're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player in front of you, in a plastic video that they wear -- you don't have to worry about forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react to it.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose a pair of them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of extra strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accidents, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones are going to have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovery, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It's also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look at an open receptor -- suddenly a pen on the left part of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you, but you wouldn't see it, but the Rock system sucks.
You go through the protection area.
Another flash is advised to be open receptor.
You toss the ball, but they slow down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his view a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
It approaches, he grabs the ball, running and attention.
The public comes up and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the side.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality augmented being part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show you the world how does it be provided?
How much is it worth for a Canada Hadron or a Neil December Tom trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Katels?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on as always of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the High Pacific of California.
And most of those 23 years I had been able to patent the south south of Mars, which includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was opened in 1965.
Joseph Strands, engineered chief to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically at the expense of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as such as the fall from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally stick in the helpless water, and then they get off.
I don't think that those who have this method of suicide are aware of the death that you will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 pairies of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are before to take out life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer with a continuous life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the bag.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who would continue suicide, but to the officials as well.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychological officials train the new offices.
This is Jason Garan.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the cortex near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate beautiful.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember Greek mythology. George created Panager, and he sent it to Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Panama, and she opened the box.
They came out of plates, pinkest, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope."
You stopped a few installations, leaned on the right, and it left.
This kind of nice and smart boy from New Jersey just removed the life.
I talked to Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, he didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had been asked by the parents of Jason to have been asked in it.
The collective damage of suicide damage affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out successful?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not only to talk, but you have to listen.
I will hear to understand.
You don't argue, blame or tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "How many people have thought about finishing their life, have you had these thinking?"
confront the person in front of them can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, important, believe that there's nothing you can do about it -- social illegal illustration, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email only a couple days ago, and it's with her permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty insight, but I just notice more moments to realize that Mike won't really go home.
Mike was driving from Petern to San Francisco to see the 49 percent of his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Petern police and repeated it as that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump off from the bridge at 155 of the late day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery community.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the way his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he crossed the railing of it, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the hour and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it make you come back and give the hope and life other opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen.
You let me talk to me and you just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Mr. Brian, nothing erase the 11 o'clock events and you are one of the reasons why Kevin keeps us with us.
So honestly, I think Kevin was driving for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Narrator Bertie."
And at the end, she wrote, "Paper." When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you were fascinated as the patient.
"I know I had to fix it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and the active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and its depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Supermarket is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of its own pain, I steal the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt to another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Typically, this is achieved only in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final cliff, I looked at me, and he said, Kenya, I sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped down.
Hart absolutely terrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge are not supporting.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they left side and they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connecting Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridges that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should be striving for doing.
Society can prevent it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes whether you don't are, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question brought you, how do you become that?
I must be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I am not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture I think -- George George, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, I am just starting to start.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo -- what is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this language is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to get into it.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that actually, it's more complex and mysterious stuff.
Because of my success, I never had to share my story, not because I would think that I'm going to be wrong, but why the world is treating those of us who want to liberate them.
Every single day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the kids.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the phones.
And I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still watching man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a breakthrough of the breakthrough competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in beauty confusing?
He told me that if he participated she would be picked up from the spectrum of the institution and the visitors, and that night, he won on the bathroom suit, won on a battery suit and I had third funding between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not many people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of breast women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the destines, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they took my request of the green card that could go live to the United States.
I was resist.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty recent."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgeries -- sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before you change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the Gene name and the Film Gene Fish."
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or power to get a bread, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimative.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of mine North Netters.
A young woman in New York who was brave his truth, but that, unfortunately, he went to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global victim for the Tennessee Decade of Transitnes.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there is no longer an 200 of November anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General question.
Gene Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
My own support network, my parents especially to my family, which itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've attended young women, who have been there, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took my phone called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other not. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that satisfying attractiveness doesn't square and that there should be a space that allowed people to contrace people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The blood movement is starting to compare to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understand.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts were touched in 2011, when he was having the National Prize Judge of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child is born, their birth doesn't get celebration.
It's not welcome for his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes up to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother will be overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, it committees, and with the hope of a son, when I shake his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows up, it also suffers too.
At age five, when I should go to school, it stays home and the school admit to his siblings.
Up until 12 years old, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when I was 13 years old, he was banned to leave his house without a male audition.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that house home, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this country code of honor is not only affecting the life of a girl, it also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a bit more of the patriarchal societies that are called an obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl to be very small, very humble and very assumption.
It's the cricket.
The model of a good girl must be calculated.
It's supposed to be silent and embrace their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly and even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be completely away.
If you take it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it a disaster.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet of a poet, "The case, they are applied, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
You loved brothers and sisters when I was born Malay, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honest.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legislation of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi of Madamatan, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my feather, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Malawi."
And when she grew up, when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I admit her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the addition of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
Interviewed in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An addition to school means he's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore its potential for your future future.
I have five sisters. And none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was complaining the formal vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the applies of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and safety of my daughter.
I encouraged you to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill in your personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've experienced all these good values in my school to girls and boys for the same.
It used education to emotion.
I teach my daughters, teach the students, to forget the lesson from the obesity.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called South South.
You loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talking.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use vehicles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls that were completed and killed the singing singles.
They suffered millions, but a few people talked about, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and put together when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi was lifted and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she was offered her for the documents of the New York Times, and I talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a weather around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and nine October October in 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife -- "Should I blame what happened to my daughter, your daughter to your daughter?"
And it immediately said, "Please, don't blame you.
Defense the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it."
These little words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and I had severe pain pains and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained out.
I used to tell you, "I'm okay with my short smile and in my face.
I'm going to be okay. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and it costs us.
We loved brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't end his task.
It fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so valuable, expressive and economist?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wing, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the Google X visualization divide -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you sit into a brain operation.
Are you still smart or not?
If it doesn't, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuropaper.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, from more than a dozen chemical powers every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and migrations of chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than once.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that is going to be in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my astronomy, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried dozens and typical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised by seeing how they changed my thoughts.
I was always fun, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several kinds of guys like this, or maybe some of a few versions of it.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a surprise.
In fact, I was trying to, a lot of university, fixing a problem that I had at the front, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuropaper and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypically, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and raise situations to it.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humber, Desktraphics and Hobbes see things like this.
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are the idea of this idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works, for me is simple -- for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and have lots of great mental images, really video, good sophisticated and strongly structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has in the front.
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two recent groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Ganges and their Harvard colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by the content of the central column of the left -- you see that the difference is almost natural.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same picture is almost natural.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galey in Berkeley, California.
They were able to turn the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they scanned their brains to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while they were so recorded by a new scanned.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer developments, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us rolls.
We're okay close to it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the large-scale brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes out.
I don't offer me for that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even -- counting with the recent outcome of the MRI first, we have to ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger images, but to this point, larger images only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger images, let's make better images.
We can create structures much more complex with slightly different fields, like making a prize.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a large amount of effort in the MRI were to make really big images, right?
However, most of the recent advances to solve from ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoding and decorations and record receptor receptor receptors in MRI systems.
At turn, instead of a magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of radio film.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FMA radio frequency processing -- we can increase in a massive form of information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IBM we should be able to measure not just the flow of oxygen fluid, but the hormones and neuropartics that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas into digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of.
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filtering filtering?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be amazing to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet, maybe it is to tell someone for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been in life in life.
All arms is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be varied, the experience of having lived it and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Wall Wallap California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of labeled military, not to track my armpits -- to quote the letters from Anna di France as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the machinery of my short pantheons, and I have encouraged my head to do little, and I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or girl?"
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would learn my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a blade of anger.
The father was inconsidered by the newspaper and mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would breathe inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight out.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised me that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote of Betty French.
The Gelement Stephen quote.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues," which would show you.
So I breathe down and I went down and I went down and my backs a five year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist double, just a girl with a question: "Are you a girl or girl?"
And so I breathe back to me again, and I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confused.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the girl of a combination of a combination.
And that girl looked at me simply by paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas. It's a filmmaker and it has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pandemic that I was?
It was the most easy conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the child's girl and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some areas in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know how color walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different than you or you or yours.
I will give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying that it's been forgot?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five year-old son you're going to divide?
There is no more difficult thing, just the hard thing.
We need to stop calculating what is hard about what difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are, an arm is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shore shoe.
It was not the military list prepared to fight any four year-old child to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was lying on a corner of my dark closet by eating my gay gravity, and moving only a muscle is the most assignment I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends, with the ones that I've spent my entire life trying to do not to decorate them, and now the world was going around in purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable gravitations was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black and tables -- walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years old.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lance."
And the battle of the gay cell had begun.
"How are you ever in the Case?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fabulous.
"You know my student Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a noise."
"Hey, what's your favorite TV show.
Is our favorite program, Will and Grand.
And you know who loves us? Jack is knowing.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, declined, but in waiting for desperately to show her support, to get me to know that I was on my side, finally said that I was on my side, and finally my husband uses pink camps."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big landscapes.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt leave.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were spreading.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you expand?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations still remain my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come in.
But I'm getting better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago of Pants.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any arm is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Hold the army. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no arm, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be happy, the others must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it. Watch your party.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If they say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out of safe wounds and tell you what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel discovered, but that something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a shark dark starting a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the flash.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Spanish Disguesting that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can node."
When Steve Diamonds wrote this as a criticism to the computer pioneers like Alan Turk.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, which doesn't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would see forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to a certain time in time, the asteroids that will draw the surface of a planet mysterious stop doing it.
And so I claim this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they started, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different subjects and putting them together -- and I asked, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintain the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future forms, yes, to an impending future time, to go.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open.
And so, by having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence predict predicting?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes who produce more desert, or entrepreneurship, during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that commercial connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship a deep?
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Entropy, designed to maximize the long-term production of the long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
And amazingly, Energy could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play games of humans, and even earn money by taking action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Energy in action.
Just like a fish of foot without falling up, here we see entropy balancing automatically a pole using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Energy a goal.
He simply decided to balance the position.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see Europe can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a plant game against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see Entropy organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept successful with the net good network.
This same capacity of network irrigation also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Entropy organizing the routes of a flow of boats, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Energy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and running a computer strategy, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exposement.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wishood, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rosetta work -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber room.
The machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then members and they try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How do you look for targets about this kind of mark?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet that we call home."
Although, over the last few years, we have widely expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points out that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the electronic intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets besides the distance between them and their stem star.
In all, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocket like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their own.
At the same time, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this team of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the highest recorded carbon.
Glassive glaciers and ice that they've been with us for millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have quickly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not not a science scientist, nor astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the involved sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited to a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little bit farther from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like the Kepler Milk.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our rolls like the Curiosity trace its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Massage mission, take samples of the atmosphere of Marine atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the advantage and pink ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be colonized, really rare places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places of the Earth the air is fresh and some oxygen full removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement about the colonization of Mars and other planets are broken with a big and sad show, and the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this infected computer from the only planet that we know is really habitable -- the Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic capital will tell you that the party of truth will have a place later in the wild boats --   Thank you.
But the targets for the international exploration and the Earth preservation are not contracting.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial pandemics.
They just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and instructional areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment. Ferming Ferman.
Many years ago, the physicist Ferrance Fermin asked, having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become enough technically advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international pollution will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to navigate the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the skills on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a crater, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a terrorist could take a lot of time to come in, and it made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was aware of my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a charge at the middle of a night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a professor neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
He releases the heart rate that increases the heart rate and measures the levels of adrenaline and nutrients thinking.
And when I got to the surgery show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, which prevents bad things.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but to a month later, my thoughts were not critically.
I was focusing on my colleague Danny Karby, who was won from the Nobel Prize -- and a little bit embarrassed I talked to him that I broke the window, and, that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called property representative.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the primate.
Everybody knows what the poster is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the primate, as Danny explains Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happening or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, we will destroy a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hypertension, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which is using the fruit trees, where the friends are living and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be strike in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the algorithmic sense of the spinal spills, and you could still find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys and reading goggles.
So at home you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passion, a particular box.
It's for your reading glasses, a particular device.
If you go through a place and they're scare with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passenger, send it for email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the substitute easier for it.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral.
The curtain is toxic and it uses thinking.
So part of the early practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put systems on its site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situations than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talking about a very particular medical condition.
But this is broken as a protein for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making and social decisions and any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab, and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, delivery brain.
So one is thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a status."
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most refined drugs in the world today. Even you may know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, recently the status."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you should ask from which most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.N., the number necessary to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or see a surgery in any medical processing before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of destructive statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remember anything if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not blame of the doctor, and if it's somebody else's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms well.
But the Black estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recognized state, which do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of the cynical researchers Joel Graduate and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomber.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid a single heart attack, delivery brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to get my cholesterol down.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it's "the "Star effects "Earth," right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, and they include muscle and artificial pain, safer pain, but now they think, five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how they would look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that it helps you to help you.
I don't say they had to take the status.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it is part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the men in the older men, the extraction of the prostate for cancer, the number you need to treat is 49 percent.
This is what 49 surgeries for a person that has help.
And side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
They include the importance or eradication design, urban incentives, straight language, fecal incentive.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only last year or two.
So the idea of the primate is to think before the time the questions you can try to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things they talk and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change it in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the light system or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with chance. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kallishen and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think about the future how those fails, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things in the first place.
Looking at the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the door in the same one, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not really organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "Ph."
It means playing somehow.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pound in the screen, you need to play more somehow.
Two persons, even more solar.
Four p.m., extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a pull of point, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of people can have, never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the AIMS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in during the 1800s, and with the time passed, it mixed with local signs, and we developed the language we know as AI.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But I now realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, computers, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my hands and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't play the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the barrier paper bag.
"Don't erase, and when you're eating it, it doesn't go to the cover on the plate."
This is all called sound "stuff."
Maybe I think of the more sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for negotiation with neuroscience, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide for it.
TCFB, to continue.
TBM, for anticipation.
You can see that the picture doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle and the manuscripts.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for picture in Alaska.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, to do my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my art terrorist.
Is it going to distance me more from the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experiment through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in a sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I began to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, he was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control. Control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alternative, it was something from a decent person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be delivered to me and my artistic work, or I could be able to empower it.
I chose that I would empower me.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me for equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers from AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Alaska.
For example, a musical note cannot be caught and express fully in the paper.
And the same can say about a concept in AIMS.
The two are very spaces and highly model that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as well as the sounds of sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you can understand better how the U.S. works.
So, imagine a piano.
AODA is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you allocate a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at a time.
However, Alaska is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a simulated form to express a clear concept or idea in AIMS.
If just a keyboard would change the chord. It would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing with music in terms of tone and time and volume.
In AIMS, by using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is going to go on that."
This is the signal that is standing in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got stuck.
The Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, late."
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIMS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single day sign, the sun comes out and puts it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same can say "I can say all night.
"All the night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "And "America, "I do "The night "The night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time you express time in AIDS and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one market. It's a hand, two homes. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then I was a little bit of the time, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time, "I had once a time.
"Temple common is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I look at the word "money," I automatically think at the same time."
Look at MD: Right, right, long, left hand.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
(Audience: Mother, "latterery flag "Time Commandments -- "My Goal Garden I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "farmer shell."
Can you do it with me?
All with the hands at high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like the chest, something like "company" or "many time."
Yes, very good.
That means "looking at the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "planning in Alaska.
Now the third one. Please take me again.
And again.
It's "limit in Alaska.
We're going to do the three together.
"I would love "company," "pollution and lighting."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar -- everyone happens in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the AIDS is alive and property, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And only because Alzheimer's doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow AIMS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn AIDS.
The AIDS is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Kallishen. Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can use it all, but then you have to wipe it up."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bureaucratic bubble -- I have to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also study and that they're not very good at cleaning the ones from others.
The time I spent time, now I'm an adult and an investment and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk down the beach with lots of garbage bumps.
So as a good citizen, we clean the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a stage thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been walking out with these big ships and networks, collecting those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a store.
We started building this message of work with alternative altitude so that the very low children can also participate.
And I will tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope that works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
Then we created what we call a prototype."
We're so fast at creating prototypes that we end up before we lunch.
And we transform light and camera cameras in access and we assemble it in a floating robot that is slowly moving through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "The Institutions, with hope that someone else even more.
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and put up, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they collect the Internet, and they put up with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using hands, in Sundays, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where they bathe down, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also of brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what is in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can lift through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum kinds of spectrum that can help identify what is in the water.
We made this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote way to other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it triggers several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami transforms several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has partners of pollution for 175.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe looks, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima, every year from the accident and research in a independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them we discuss the collected data that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the intellect, etc.
And to do this, we created a radical map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electronics map, we introduced pigs to represent data in real time of radiation, and we rotate water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive powder was shot from the top of the mountain to the river system and driven in the ocean.
It was an absolute estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear center to the date.
We got closer to a mile of nuclear central, and with the help of fish fish in the area we were collecting sediments from the sea net with a separate tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a programming, we have gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood -- metal metal -- a little biology, of painting, basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be once again.
Students: Acceptance, acceleration.
Central Harry, we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creative, sounds, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and to actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin colleagues, two really opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel -- the other one of a single silk highway.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impose on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michael Angele said that when he looked at the marble market, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The movie was only to Mission Angele.
But living beings are not celebrated.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all of the information that takes it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rich manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have called a world made of parts, by looking at the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a settlement of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find a massive material computer in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with double parks.
The skin skins are more thick.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no submitters.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of slavery.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to working right now between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between the analysis and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, is trying to unite these two visions of the world, advanced from the assembly and rise to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they control four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And at the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of great scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old diameter with a very distant base that some day not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics made genetically modified microbials that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvented the cell, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every warning is just to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion device from Paris with Sri van Harvard. It's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contacts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing spinal printer, we printed this layer and failed 3D without costs between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine stiff materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a IQ scanner.
That designers have access to this highly resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair to the structural time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carrot, my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes superintelligent.
We printed this 44 different properties, which vary in rigoration, application and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another analytical, but continuously and definitely the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Is there no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and I got to define a lot of what care about.
As she calls. In the third day of creation, God sends the Earth to grow a French French tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trial, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made growing trees with branches and cortex, tablets and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often wonder, "What would the design be if the objects were made from one piece of people?
Would we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for that the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit of the French tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the crazy, and about 100 million tons of tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and spirals and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies ...
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multiplication structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal sharks.  We asked a lot of sharks to shrimp, and we multiply them and we produced headaches of heartbreak.
Vailless the chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at large scale, a system built with multiple broccoli pellets of extraordinary contractions.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from one material -- three feet long, 100 percent recyclable percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a proposition of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of being able to go on to mesh -- and if you extend even more, you get window.
A fruit traditional tree transferred.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a made structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to be blind, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own elements of elements -- new forms of life created comparing computers and actually actually increased in a biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid aligning, only that instead of transforming precise metals -- new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called military.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms.
The first is the circuit.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stairs.
And the second one, E. coli and the bacteria that had in the human intestine.
You turn the light into sugar, the other one goes sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbials don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their way of path.
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body, by changing the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we had more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from an extreme to another, it was about 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first preference photographers, bright lines with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We are creatures last model, only half is done."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and put our bodies out.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
grows up. Adam with software.
This case of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside that metabolism.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations of it.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm is being presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a computer capture.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk work, to the helicopter.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that it hits a flat chicken and still metabolizing sandy.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that shape, the composition, the card structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often have silk worms to death inside their chairs, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants could shape the raw silk without boiling a single capture.
It would be methodologically metabolized and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to architectural scale.
We had a helicopter robot doing silk pillars, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold zones, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abraily, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the organs.
We asked for 6,000 silk worms to a line of silk online.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared by us with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were to they hit, they were standing, they were standing, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said the tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
At the middle of a biological silk on the frozen silk, they give all of this pavilion into its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms take 5,000 miles away.
In a symmetry symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the electron, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A dry ice through a robotic arm, the other full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, for the first time, we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be from more?"
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them to do this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be from more?"
You have caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question "What do you want to be from more?"
The problem was not that I had no interest, but he had too much.
In school I liked English, the killing and the art and developed websites, and then he played the guitar in a Jewish band called Telecomber Fruifing.
You may have heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of advertising, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I am interested in other thing, something completely different, and I put up on it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes, I've found the member," and then again this point where I start to grab up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, and I would deny all of my other passions and to resist to address.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me not to define anything.
I was worried to have fear of engagement, or to be dispersed, or astronaut or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have planned to you.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it. They learned it from culture.
You say, "What do you want to be from more?"
We have about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to make nice answers in children like, being astronaut, or "I want to be a piece of a party."
Take the Helico from Hello here.
And this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, per -- and single school students are asked to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from more?"
It happens to be the cute exercise of before it takes out the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream about what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite thing, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you were very interested in people and say, "Oh, what a cute thing, but you can't be a vibration and psychologist.
You've got to choose you."
This is Dr. Bob Childs -- and he is architectural and psychological artists.
And this Amy No, magazine editor turned into illustration, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of centered life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that each one of us has something that you will dedicate for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that are dependent on their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel it.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiple.
A mutation is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a little bit of a button.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a street, renewable.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barry She refers to us as statistics."
They use any term you like or invent one of them.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see automation as limited or application that you should be able to see.
But what I've learned talking about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multiple supercomputers.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Sharon Hawaii and Rachel Bionic expressed their shared interests in cartoon, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mexican.
Mexican is a company that creates gesture gestures geographically.
So Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his ecology mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the interactions.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiplications, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multi-to-day superpower is fast learning.
When multiples are interested in something, we go to that.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be primary, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to each new area we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
Now Norway Dong is a full-time trip and independent writing.
As a pianist girl perceived an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mathematical machine.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practice, and this ability helps to write compelling languages for editors for the editors of the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to devote to what you get attracted to you, even if I finally quit.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-to-day superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Canadian is sometimes director director of videos, others, web designers, sometimes consumer personality, sometimes master rich, and sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Vietnam Committee defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can picture to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
Interestingly enough, learning and adaptation, three skills where the multi-to-day multiplications are very adept and three skills that you might lose if you're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the multi-to-day people to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplication problems right now, and we need no conventional thoughts to deal with them.
Let's say they're in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialists and a multi-to-day multiplication.
So the specialists can dive deep and put in practice, and the mutation offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are armed with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multi-to-day multiplications are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope it is this: Record with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you spend all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passions.
Keep their curiosity for those conditions of contact.
They explore the interactions.
Our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplication, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in Freedom.
I was driving deployment and he couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alaskan.
Altonian didn't know how to help August, but she was flying for her until unfortunately, he passed in 1966.
After his death, Alaskan did an automobile and found strange plates and opens in the August brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been living today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alaskan gave him 14 years ago.
Allendes was Dr. Altonis Alzheimer's.
And Augusting Determination, the first patient to receive a diagnosis we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1987, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-proof for HIV, stations for carbons and much more.
But shortly has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their home years with Alzheimer's or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease today, and their costs are preventing an increase of five times in 2050, as it gets older, as the baby of the baby bombs.
You may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one who can't prevent it, cure or even relate their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that we have more Alzheimer's Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, but the Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everybody, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be quiet in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only looking at a picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroying a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage caused by Alzheimer's African reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange operators in the August brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made from protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are penguins.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick between each other, forming groups that can form big plates and operators.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the idea of what step is to block is complex, like the business of a bomb.
Courage a wire could do anything.
Courage the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process -- now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in Guartaism.
These are the healthy worms and you can see they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick between each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we tried it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases and patients and their families have gotten more research and exert pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators of schoolars.
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones and night, are often too much disconnected to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, which cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Columbia, in January this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are turned to be able to make 36 questions increasingly personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12. If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 2: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As it advances, these are increasingly personal.
Number three: this really likes me. Tell your partner what I thank you about it or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all the way to ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of manufacturing romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of love love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already aggressive, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you going to keep still together?
And the reason I think this is because I have asked this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had helped me write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on line a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday -- I've already called me the Today Spanish and the Google Morgan American.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was -- by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust by writing with silence on your own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that loving life of one has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: You still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman was screaming to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your noise?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have changed life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I took television interviews, and I took the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the inference icon of the environment process, a range for the one I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it would work, or whether it was able to produce permanent love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to follow together or not, and then you get it?
If the answer was no, would you do the experience of doing these 36 more interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for smoking in a university between college students, using what Aaron called the personal opposite openness, progressive and recording.
Sounds romantic, right?
But study does work.
The participants felt closer to us after doing it, and various studies also used the Army rapid protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction among strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite policy.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article -- but unfortunately it never was published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal art, and then a student came up to me and he said to me, with the story -- I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed destined by it.
And I said, "You mean, you love the person with whom you did it?
Well, he made a pause there.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Do you feel that they were getting better after proving the study?
The attack.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was walking through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how it could live without him.
So I went to science.
I did all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time, I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was stuck with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can really demand me.
What I look for love is a garage, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk of risk, and this is a very rough story, because we're going to love us to feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story you ask -- do you still keep together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, would you propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay love when things are complicated and how to know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love us, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But you'll love not the same thing to remain love.
Look at is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit by reading it now, not because it's true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I wouldn't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how many times it will have to continue to do that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and little and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily daily daily day.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy ending implicit in the title of my article which is, at the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's triangulate, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few limits in full mountain and in a way I came like a forest of the forest.
New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I will start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar from a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought that some strange humanitarians or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excited and support and all these weird things -- and I was making a street for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I made a kind of citizen cells to the Ananon Martin style -- the resident covered and a bee fell off.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened -- somehow it seemed like it turned out of size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying person.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow transportation, draw the same way around a chain on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own special special specialist.
First, bones, where you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the residential layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Syria.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in human form, natural size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the restaurant was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed three-dimensional compassion.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the answer.
So I did this for years, and my work claps with something very big -- that I call "the "space."
For the tragedy, I was inspired by the "slow of the Delicites Barrier Delivery Garden, which is a painting at the Prize Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the tragedy." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11 pounds.
5 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lands.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh income where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to stay in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god strapped into a track.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the House -- the oil platform of the deck -- Wall, the Superherometric bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It's also a kind of a guess of guarantee.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a metabolic being the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a tragedy aspect of the trick."
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that he writes in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a transition, like a bird skin, and you spit out clouds from this trick.
It also has a $150 meter tail, a snake tail that binds the tragedy."
Anyway, his tail is trying to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why I happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden colony balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very close to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called photographers."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material is encouraging, dictionaries or magazines or magazines or magazine.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in form of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a cycle of microscopes that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest. You can get the input in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, and there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or named, or whatever it is, a kind of anthropologist thing.
It's a quick representation of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have capsiest, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There is a little forest scene inside the city care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pintor Words.
In this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painting, a machine, a scary, a radio employment, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We take the box and all the people inside each other with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, from religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with divorce and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
Take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the guts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicator system so that any drug will be effective in the body.
The device, though, is that when you bring it any drug into a drug.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CD-art recognition.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, in their most negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they divide, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is analytical and not easily go into the blood stream of patients that are attached to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life managed by orange.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the surface of the virus, without the risk of dividion of drugs?"
As a scientific expert in leaders, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything that is impossible to be able to include the immune transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They say, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit of a powerful laser laser on cellular membrane by HIV while these cells are immersed in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is reported immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an awareness in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an ingredient that distributes the drug distributed, releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser uses again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem very much about time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the body of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV researcher in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, self-construction or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to better understand these genetic agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a disaster between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 211 peace agreement between 1975.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not reacted to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Helleyan Linkers, known by his violent training against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palmoot, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also administrative the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels and Internet websites and social networking strategies.
And here you have the Islam magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
Armed groups also invest in a complex background of funds without salaries, but through profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
Armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscope.
Helleyan offers all of these services and more.
Armed groups also try to conquer population offering something that the state doesn't gain, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan disappeared by the war or even the beginning of the Islam administration, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the 2008 electoral victory of the Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hurricane.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated these organizations, we can take them out as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Helice?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their function, they collect the trash system, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a revenue group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Islamis?
The lines are described.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and use peace.
If we understand better groups, we understand better what incentives will offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are massive, but I fear that embracing the female tag would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist -- but pretty bad.
And therefore I am successfully assuming me as a bad feminist female.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Female and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malawaustin Female.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself, and a deliberate provider, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 had strange ideas about the female, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when he was trying to be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a access, a taboo and dramatic word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is asking too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that woman revealed, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are incredible. Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same noise for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of cost or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or everyday doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sex, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear the music listening to all volume.
Although the letter was degraded to women and offered me deeply, the classic "Stack Shooting Shakespeare" is amazing.
Make it reality with your minister camp.
Peace, you know, move until you give you the contact."
Think about it.
Portion poetry, right?
I'm completely mortglad by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the collection of garbage and the care of the marketing and the maintenance of manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can look at "The Bachine" and the romantic comedy. And I have a lot of advantage of the stories of the stories that are actually getting true.
Some of my departments are more disaster.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem isn't that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of women of color, workers and humanitarian and transgendered women, in favor of white women, heroic class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad family.
The next thing is, as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminist in a pedestrian.
We hope that you are going to go back to perfection.
When they decide, we will rotate them very much from the same pedal where we put them.
And as I said, I'm a disaster, I am very pleased by that pedal before you try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that sticker means for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be really realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declined feminist in the years.
In the Vietness Airens Air Airpon in 2011, in MIT, I act in front of the word feminist of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star embracing openly the feminist and to know women and young men to be female is something to be proud of.
And then the time passed, cultural critics started unexpected if Benjamin was or not exactly feminist feet.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we are still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of it, we need so clearly a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, to break it up until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of particular.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our implications to tell you, going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we take change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music have to be so passionate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
And I think about them, suddenly the best choice is visited as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport, the Transport play.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as bomber sales.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, to participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough numbers of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision making.
Since we are not period persons. No other efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in power and movie producers and music, CEOs, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim with our female, well, bad, or any speech of it.
The last line of my book "Mall Female says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I put my voice down to me and the feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it infinite to make what happened.
So a few kids were given me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe it was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that I came back to me.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and from women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I began to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also discovered that if it was a little courageous -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit valuable, when you need to be a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 136 children in California had a measles for having visited Denstan or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes across the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a defended immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Drage outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that was supposedly worse.
But a moment, wasn't the article that sparked the pollution on autism and defended vaccines and discussing and made by being a fragile fraud by the British Medical John?"
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a story?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about her creating all his professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates were just about three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting apart.
Forgotten fundraising organizations like autism Spanish refer routinely to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could contact another child in Delicidot.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Disease Control Center what is happening, they tend to be based on phrases as a business criticism "Interface and "World "Stop "Child Deception to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language does not dissipate a lot of the fear of a young mother who looks at the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s in 1990?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and captured progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kang, the hospital Johns Hollywood Hospital. In 1949, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be having private worlds, swimming people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey of the panic for the manufacturing as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kenya speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while collecting reference accounts as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because Kenya criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very resistant.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to kids, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he had been pasted that he had become nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to their consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kenya was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainties.
I calculated autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and forever.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kenya noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he was right now said, "Beauty."
But Kenya had a bad opinion of these skills, taking up things like children were simply giving back what they had heard of their parents who had heard of their parents, desperate to win their approval for.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Knunt theory that autism was weird.
Lab Wing, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of Kanzi needed to be pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and access, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lab and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Larry and their colleague, Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a London suburb called California to try to find the children autistic in the community.
What you saw left that the Kenya model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were cooled in their fascination for astronomer, in dinosaurs or the genius of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful frames and taken away, as Judius said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monster of Kenya would have predicted it.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these children before?
But then Larry found a reference to an article published in German in 1943, the next year to the bank of Kenya, and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kenya knew about this article of competition, but he avoided pressure to mention it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Larron spoke German, and he translated it to her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with a connected school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises with music, and kids followed their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required companies of support and spaces adapted during the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and it was devoted to helping methods of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that was running a surprising variety of Danish and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in archives known in pop culture like the transportation social and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a little bit of autism is essential.
Lab and Judith found that Kenya was wrong when autism was an income, so the parents were causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatrists to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autonomously spectrum."
At the end of the 1980s and early '90s, their changes went into video, supporting the limited model of Kenya for a wide and an inclusive of Asperger's approach.
These changes didn't fall in the broken battle.
Certainly, when Larry and Judie worked between the materials to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Randoll Manhattan came out in 1988, just a little circle, I was born by experts knew what autism was like, but after the inability of Disney Hollywood and the recognition of Random Homory and the recognition of Random Manhattan, pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use the autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Random Man changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostic began to engage, just like Larry and Judie predicted -- they were actually hoping that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were killed.
So Andrew Walker came to blame vaccines for increasing diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and seductive history as bad as the Kenya theory that autism was an increase.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 60 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the authors are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have been united on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances by taking the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distribution, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger's -- which believed that the curve for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Joshua Zatries once said, "We need all the hands in covered to deliver the boat of humanity."
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
